These Terms of Service constitute a contract between the person or entity using services or content provided by Botpress (“Customer”) and the Botpress entity with which the Customer is contracting per the Terms of Service (“Botpress”). Before using any service or content provided by Botpress, you must agree to the Terms of Service. If you are not prepared to contractually agree to be bound by the Terms of Service, you may not use any service or content available through the Botpress Website or otherwise made available by Botpress.
1. INTERPRETATION
1.1 Contracting Entities

a) If the Customer is located in Canada, the Agreement is contracted between Customer and Technologies Botpress Inc., a Canadian Corporation.

b) If  the  Customer  is  located  anywhere  else  in  the  world,  the  Agreement  is  contracted between the Customer and Botpress, Inc. a Delaware company.

c) The Customer represents and warrants to Botpress that it is operating a business and that it is not accessing the Software Services or Botpress Content for personal or household purposes.
1.2 Documents incorporated in the Agreement.

The Terms of Service may reference external documents, such as a Data Protection Agreement or Service Level Agreement. All such documents and the details of the Customer’s subscription to the Software Services or access to Botpress Content (which may be indicated on the Botpress Website or  in  a  separate  proposal)  are  incorporated  into  the  agreement  between  Botpress  and  the Customer.

Some specific Botpress services or content may require that the Customer agrees to additional terms.
1.3 Service Plans

Botpress  offers  three  types  of  subscription  plans,  some  sections  of  the  agreement  are  only applicable to certain service plans.

a) Community (Free) Plan: means the free version of the Software Services.

b) Self-Serve Plan: means the Customer subscribed to the paid version Software Services through the Botpress Website;

c) Enterprise Plan: means the Customer subscribed to the paid version Software Services through a Botpress sales representative;
1.4 Definitions In this Agreement:

“Acceptable Use Policies” means policies adopted from time to time by Botpress and its service providers to govern responsible and ethical use of the Software and its capabilities.

“Affiliate” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the party specified. For purposes of this definition, “control” means direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting interests of the subject entity.

“Agreement” means these Terms of Service, including the applicable Proposal(s) (for Enterprise Plans)  and  all  schedules  attached  hereto  and  all  documents  incorporated  therein,  such  as Botpress’ DPA or SLA (if applicable).

“Analytics Data” means usage data, metadata and other data generated by the Software about the Use of the Software by Authorized Users and data not originating from Customer used in the performance of Software Services, excluding Customer Data.

“Authentication ID” means a security mechanism by which an Authorized User identifies herself or himself to the Software and gains access thereto, which security mechanism may include user identification,  passwords,  digital  certificates  or  any  other  similar  process  mechanism  for authentication and recognition as determined by Botpress from time to time.

“Authorized User” means an individual authorized by Customer and Botpress to access and Use the Software Services.

“Botpress Content” means any documentation, materials, code, data, files and other information or materials made available to the Customer or Authorized Users by Botpress.

“Botpress Infrastructure” means the servers and such devices and peripherals, including all computer  hardware,  software,  network  components,  and  electrical  and  telecommunications infrastructure operated or controlled by Botpress, either itself or through a service provider.

“Business Day” means any calendar day except for Saturday or Sunday or any statutory holiday observed in Canada.

“Business Hour” except if specified otherwise in the Proposal, means the hours between 9:00 AM and 5:00 PM Eastern Time on Business Days.

“Confidential Information” means all information which is proprietary or confidential to either Party and that is not generally known to third parties, that is disclosed or otherwise brought to the attention or knowledge of the other Party whether in oral, written, electronic or any other form, which is designated as being confidential or proprietary or which, by reason of its nature or the circumstances  of  its  disclosure,  should  be  reasonably  considered  and  treated  as  confidential including, without limitation, the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Customer Data, Analytics Data, Personal Data, details of technological infrastructure, customer lists, product development information and security measures.

“Conversation Data” means content inputted by an end-user into a Customer Bot and content generated by the Customer Bot in a production environment.

“Customer Bot” means a program designed to automate interactions with end-users of a service or website, including any configuration data or other associated data that is developed using the Software or the Software Services in accordance with this Agreement by Customer, by Persons engaged by Customer or by Botpress for the benefit of the Customer.

“Customer Data” means collectively any data, files, documentation or other information: (i) that Customer or any of its Authorized Users may upload to the Botpress Infrastructure when using the Software  Services,  (ii)  any  data  derived  or  obtained  from  the  transformation  such  data  or information submitted by the Customer through the Software Services.

“Documentation” means the human-readable documents, user manuals and guides with respect to  the  operation,  Use  and  functions  of  the  Software,  which  may  be  amended  or  updated  by Botpress from time to time.

“Usage Fees” means the fees payable by Customer for the Software Services.

“Incident” means an unscheduled event or occurrence originating from Botpress, the Software or a third-party  hosting  provider  that  negatively  and  substantially  affects  the  Customer’s  Use  of Software Services, subject to exceptions provided by this Agreement.

“Intellectual Property Rights” means: (a) any and all proprietary rights anywhere in the world provided under: (i) patent law; (ii) copyright law, including moral rights; (iii) trademark law; (iv) design patent or industrial design law; (v) semiconductor chip or mask work law; (vi) trade secret law; or (vii) any other statutory provision or common law principle applicable to this Agreement which may provide a right in either: (A) Intellectual Property; or (B) the expression or use of Intellectual  Property;  and  (b)  any  and  all  applications,  registrations,  licenses,  sub-licenses, franchises, agreements or any other evidence of a right in any of the foregoing.

“Intellectual  Property” means  any  property,  tangible  or  intangible,  that  may  be  subject  to Intellectual  Property  Rights,  including  without  limitation,  ideas,  formulae,  algorithms,  concepts, techniques,  processes,  procedures,  approaches,  methodologies,  plans,  systems,  research, information,  documentation,  data,  data  compilations,  specifications,  requirements,  designs, diagrams, programs, inventions, technologies, software (including its source code), tools, product knowledge, know-how, including without limitation, trade secrets, and other materials or things.

“Malicious Code” means a piece of code usually (but not necessarily) disguised as something else that causes some unexpected and, for the victim, usually undesirable, event and which is designed so that it may automatically spread to other computer users, including, without limitations, viruses, worms, cancelbots, trojan horses, harmful contaminants (whether self-replicating or not) and nuisance-causing or otherwise harmful applets.

“Objectionable Content” means content that infringes any applicable laws or third-party rights, and  content  which  is  obscene,  indecent,  pornographic,  seditious,  offensive,  defamatory, threatening,  liable  to  incite  racial  hatred,  menacing,  blasphemous,  misleading,  deceptive  or  in breach of any person’s Intellectual Property Rights.

“Party” means either Botpress or Customer; and “Parties” means both of them.

“Payment Method” means credit card information inputted by the Customer on the Software interface for the purpose of paying Usage Fees.

“Person” means  any  individual,  estate,  sole  proprietorship,  firm,  partnership,  unincorporated association,  unincorporated  syndicate,  unincorporated  organization,  limited  liability  company, corporation, body corporate, trustee, trust, governmental authority or other entity or organization and includes any successor to any of the foregoing.

“Personal Data” means information about an identifiable individual or any information protected under applicable laws and regulations

“Professional  Services”  means  services  provided  by  Botpress  other  than  access  to  the processing capacities of the Software and technical support. Professional Services include, for illustrative purposes: training, new feature development and configuration.

“Proposal” means the written document outlining the details of Customer’s subscription to an Enterprise Plan and accepted by Customer and Botpress.

“Software Services” means Customer’s access and Use of the Software and support services included per the Agreement between Customer and Botpress, but excluding Professional Services.

“Software” means the Botpress platform, including third-party software included thereto, which is accessible via a web application connected to the Botpress Infrastructure.

“Specifications” means,  with  respect  to  the  Software,  the  technical  specifications  for  the performance, operation and Use of the Software, as set out in the Proposal.

“Use” means to activate the processing capabilities of the Software, load, execute, access, employ the Software, or display information resulting from such capabilities.
2. SOFTWARE SERVICES
2.1 Access to Software

Subject to the Customer’s and Authorized Users’ compliance with this Agreement, Botpress agrees to allow the Authorized Users to access and Use the Software Services through the Botpress Infrastructure.
2.2 Usage Limitations

The  Software  Services  may  be  offered  to  the  Customer  in  the  form  of  a  subscription  plan comprising usage limitations. Where applicable, the Software Services are limited:

a)  To the features included in the subscription selected by the Customer, if applicable.

a)  By the usage limits imposed by the subscription selected by the Customer, if any, including

(i)  limits  based  on  the  number  of  messages  processed  monthly  through  the  Software Services  (ii)  limits  based  on  the  maximum  amount  of  Usage  Fees  authorized  by  the Customer.
2.3 Roles and permissions

Customer may attribute roles and permissions to Authorized Users through the Software interface. Customer is solely responsible for properly configuring the roles and permissions and to perform any required verifications. Botpress shall not be responsible for the accidental disclosure of certain information to Authorized Users due to an incorrect configuration of access permissions by the Customer.
2.4 Updates

The Software may be updated from time to time and new features may be added to the Software. Botpress will make such updates and new features available to the Customer at its sole discretion and makes no commitment regarding the development of future versions of the Software. The Customer acknowledges that its subscription is not based on any promise of development of a future feature nor on any communication from Botpress regarding a future feature of the Software.
2.5 Authentication IDs

To access the Software Services, Customer is required to register Authorized Users and establish Authentication  IDs.  Customer  shall  control  and  maintain  the  security  of  all  Authentication  IDs. Customer  shall  be  solely  responsible  for  all  instructions,  commitments  and  other  actions  or communications  taken  under  any  of  its  Authentication  IDs.  Customer  shall  promptly  report  to Botpress any errors or irregularities in the Software Service or the Software or any unauthorized Use of any part thereof and inform Botpress immediately if any Authentication ID becomes known to any third person who is not authorized to possess such password.

For the purpose of this Agreement, any Use of the Software under a Customer Authentication ID shall be deemed to be Use by the Customer.
2.6 Permitted Use

Only Authorized Users are authorized to Use the Software Services. Use of the Software Services is limited to the features included in the Documentation or as set out in the Proposal if applicable. Customer is not authorized to Use the Software for unintended purposes without the prior written consent of Botpress, which consent may be withheld at Botpress’ absolute discretion.

The Customer acknowledges that the Software Services rely on services provided by OpenAI, L.L.C.  and  its  affiliates  (“OpenAI”)  and  agree  to  abide  by  the  Usage  Policies  of  OpenAI,  as amended and supplemented from time to time, which are incorporated herein by reference. The Usage Policies are available at https://openai.com/policies/usage-policies.
2.7 Prohibited Use

‍Customer shall not:

a) use the Software for unlawful purposes;

b) include, or knowingly allow others to include, any Objectionable Content or introduce Malicious Code to the Botpress Infrastructure on into the Software;

c) intercept or attempt to intercept any messages transmitted to and from the Botpress Infrastructure that are not intended for Customer or any of its Authorized Users;

d) access or attempt to access other Botpress customers’ data;

e) take any action that a reasonable person would believe is susceptible to impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Botpress Infrastructure;

f) use  the  Software  Services  or  the  Software  to  develop  software  having  features  or functionality similar to the Software;

g) reverse engineer the Software or the Software Services, except reverse engineering expressly permitted by applicable law which may not be excluded contractually;

h) remove any copyright or other proprietary rights notice on the Software, the Documentation or Botpress Content or any copies thereof.

Customer shall be responsible for any breach of the prohibitions listed above by its employees, officers, agents or contractors and Authorized Users.
2.8 Monitoring by Botpress

Botpress may monitor and audit Customer’s and its Authorized Users’ Use of the Software for analytics purposes (as detailed in Section 9.3 - Analytics Data) and for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Any such monitoring or audit may be carried out by Botpress or a third party authorized by Botpress, at its own expense.

If  Botpress’  monitoring  or  audit  reveals  that  Customer’s  or  any  Authorized  User’s  Use  of  the Software is in breach of this Agreement, including any Use in breach of any applicable laws, Botpress may immediately suspend and discontinue the Software Services to Customer or to one or several Authorized User(s), at Botpress sole discretion and without advance notice to Customer. Botpress shall notify Customer of such suspension as soon as reasonably possible, which notice shall set out the circumstances of the suspension. If Customer rectifies the situation to Botpress’ satisfaction, then Botpress will reinstate the Software Services. If Customer does not rectify the situation within a reasonable period of time, then it shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement and Botpress shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.
2.9 Third-Party Hosting

Customer  agrees  that  the  Software  may  be  hosted  by  a  third-party  service  provider,  that  the Botpress Infrastructure may be provided in whole or in part by a third-party service providers and that  the  Customer Data may be hosted and processed by a third-party service providers as set forth in the Proposal. Customer acknowledges ant agrees that :

a) Customer Data is hosted in a shared environment, but logically segregated from other data hosted in the same infrastructure;

b) Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Botpress, the Botpress Infrastructure hosting Customer Data and the Software may be physically located anywhere in the world, at Botpress’ discretion;

c) Unless  otherwise  agreed  in  writing  by  Botpress,  Customer  Data,  including Conversation  Data,  may  be  processed  at  a  different  location  and  on  different infrastructure than their hosting location.

Botpress will provide information about third-party hosting providers in its Sub-Processor List.
3. BOTPRESS CONTENT
3.1 License

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Botpress grants the Customer a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, right (without the right to sublicense) to access and use the Botpress Content and to reproduce Botpress Content only to the extent reasonably necessary to Use the Software Services.
3.2 Open-Source Content

Some Botpress Content may be available under other terms and conditions such as open-source licenses  (for  example  AGPL3).  Any  use,  modification  and  dissemination  of  Botpress  Content conveyed under an open-source license is subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable license. For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer is not authorized to bundle Botpress Content available pursuant to these Terms of Service with content available under an open-source license for further distribution.
4. FEES AND BILLING
4.1 Fees

In consideration of the Software Services, the Customer agrees to pay Botpress the Usage Fees provided for in the Plan selected when subscribing to the Software Services or the fees set forth in the Proposal, as the case may be.

Botpress  may  modify  the  Usage  Fees  by  providing  at  least  30  days  advance  notice  to  the Customer, including by posting modified fees to the Botpress Website.
4.2 Billing

Certain Usage Fees based on usage of the Software Services are billed in arrears, at the end of Customer’s billing period, while other Usage Fees are billed in advance at the beginning of the Customer’s  billing  period  depending  on  the  subscription  plan  and  options  selected  by  the Customer. A Proposal (if applicable) may establish a different billing arrangement.

Customer may limit its monthly spend for Usage Fees billed in arrears by using the features of the Software. Some features of the Software Services will not be available once the spend limit is reached.
4.3 Taxes

The  Usage  Fees  do  not  include  applicable  taxes,  including  sales,  value-added,  goods  and services, special and harmonized taxes.

The Customer is responsible for all applicable taxes arising from or resulting from its subscription to the Software Services or the provision of the Software Services except taxes levied on the income of Botpress and its Affiliates. To the extent that Botpress determines that taxes shall be collected from Customer, they are calculated using the applicable tax rates based on the billing address provided  by  the  Customer.  If  the  Customer  is  exempt  from  paying  taxes,  the  Customer  must provide proof of such exemption which meets the applicable legal requirements attesting to the exemption status. Any tax exemption will only apply from the date on which Botpress is satisfied with  the  satisfactory  proof  of  exemption.  If  Botpress  does  not  collect  taxes  from  Customer, Customer  is  responsible  for  determining  whether  taxes  are  due,  and  if  so,  for  remitting  any applicable taxes to the appropriate tax authorities in its jurisdiction.
4.4 Credit Card Payments

By submitting a Payment Method, the Customer authorizes Botpress to charge its Payment Method for  all  Usage  Fees  payable  under  the  Agreement  up  to  the  Customer  spend  limit  set  in  the Software. Customer further authorizes Botpress to use a third party to process payments, and consent to the disclosure of its payment information to such third party.

Customer is solely responsible for maintaining a valid Payment Method in its account and to have sufficient funds available to cover all Usage Fees generated by Customer’s Use of the Software Services.
4.5 Suspension of services

If the Usage Fees are not paid when due for any reason or if the Customer’s Payment Method is declined or unavailable when Usage Fees are due, Botpress will send a written notice to the Customer and may suspend the Software Services 3 days after the notice. Some portion of the Software  Services  may  be  automatically  suspended  if  a  Payment  Method  is  not  available  or sufficiently funded to pay Usage Fees.
4.6 Interests

Any amount payable to Botpress and not paid 30 days after the due date bears interest at an annual rate of 18%, compounded monthly.
5. SERVICE LEVEL
5.1 Free and Self-Serve Plans

Customers under the Community (Free) Plan or Self-Serve Plan do not benefit from a service level commitment and any technical support will be provided at Botpress’ discretion.
5.2 Enterprise Plan

If a Customer subscribed to an Enterprise Plan, Botpress shall provide the Software Service in accordance with Botpress Standard SLA.
6. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT
6.1 Maintenance

From time to time, it will be necessary for Botpress to perform maintenance on the Botpress Infrastructure and/or the Software. Such maintenance includes routine maintenance to ensure the continued provision of the Software Services through the continued operation of the Botpress Infrastructure  or  upgrading,  updating  or  enhancing  the  Software  or  Botpress  Infrastructure. Botpress shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to perform such maintenance at such times to minimize the impact of any downtime of the Software to Customer. To the extent Botpress is able,  Botpress  shall  notify  Customer  in  advance  of  any  scheduled  maintenance  by  posting  a message on the website or by sending an e-mail to the designated Customer of the scheduled maintenance time and the anticipated duration of such maintenance.
6.2 Included Support

Botpress may provide Authorized Users using the Software under the Community (Free) Plan and Self-Serve Plan with technical support during Business Hours at Botpress’ discretion.
7. PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
7.1 Services

Botpress may provide Professional Services to the Customer in Botpress’ entire discretion. Except as otherwise provided in a Proposal, Botpress shall have no obligation to provide Professional Services  to  the  Customer.  Unless  a  written  agreement  is  entered  into  by  Botpress  and  the Customer regarding Professional Services, this Section 7 shall govern all Professional Services provided by Botpress.
7.2 Professional Fees

Fees payable in consideration of Professional Services shall be as agreed between the Customer and Botpress. Absent an agreement on fees, Botpress shall be entitled to charge for Professional Services authorized by the Customer based on Botpress’ current rates for similar services.
7.3 IP Rights

Customer  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  the  deliverables  generated  as  part  of  Professional Services  are  developed  solely  to  be  used  with  the  Software  Services  and  will  otherwise  be inoperative in standalone form or if used with third-party products and services. Botpress shall therefore own all right, title, and interest in and to deliverables, except to the extent the deliverable is a Customer Bot and (b) Customer hereby assigns all right, title, and interest in and to the deliverable to Botpress. If To the extent Botpress uses the any deliverable for any purpose outside of the scope of this Agreement, such deliverable will not contain any Confidential Information of the Customer. Upon receipt of all payment due in consideration of Professional Services, Botpress grants Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right and license to use deliverables (other than Customer bots) solely in connection with the Software Services.
7.4 Quality of Services

Botpress  will  provide  the  Professional  Services  in  a  professional  and  workmanlike  manner. Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy for Botpress’ breach of this undertaking will be for Botpress to re-perform the non-conforming portions of the Professional Services. If Botpress is unable to re-perform the non-conforming portions of the Professional Services, Customer will be entitled to recover the fees paid to Botpress attributable to the non-conforming portions of the Professional Services.
8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
8.1 Ownership

Customer acknowledges and agrees that, as between Customer and Botpress, Botpress owns all worldwide  right,  title  and  interest,  including  all  Intellectual  Property  Rights,  in  and  to:  (i)  the Botpress Infrastructure; (ii) the Software; (iii) the “look and feel” and the user interface of the Software; (iv) Documentation; and (v) any modifications, enhancements, upgrades, updates or customization to the Software or Documentation (“Improvements”), including those Improvements made  at  the  request  or  at  the  expense  of  Customer  and  Improvements  involving  Customer’s participation. Customer does not acquire any right, title or ownership interest of any kind, express or implied, in any of the foregoing other than the authorization to Use the Software granted herein, subject to all restrictions set forth herein.
8.2 Feedback from Customer

If Customer, including any employee, officer, agent or contractor of Customer, contacts Botpress about  improvements  to  the  Software,  the  Botpress  Infrastructure  or  the  Software  Services (“Feedback”) Customer authorizes Botpress to use the Feedback without restriction. Customer warrants that the Feedback contains no information that is confidential or proprietary to third parties and agrees that (i) Botpress has no expressed or implied obligation of confidentiality with respect to the Feedback; (ii) Botpress is authorized to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) the Feedback  for  any  purpose  whatsoever,  in  any  way  whatsoever,  on  any  medium  whatsoever, anywhere  in  the  world;  (iii)  Botpress  may  already  have  considered  or  be  in  the  process  of

developing elements identical or similar to those mentioned in the Feedback; and (iv) Customer will not be compensated in any way with regards to Botpress’ use of the Feedback.
8.3 Customer Bots

The parties acknowledge that their intent is that the Software remain the property of Botpress and the result of Customer’s work with the Software be the property of the Customer. As between Customer and Botpress, Customer shall exclusively own the Intellectual Property Rights in and to Customer  Bots.  If  Intellectual  Property  Rights  in  or  to  Customer  Bots  are  initially  owned  by Botpress or by Botpress employees or subcontractors by operation of law or otherwise, Botpress agrees to assign to Customer any such Intellectual Property Rights as they are created.
8.4 List of Customers

The Customer authorizes Botpress to display its name, trademark and logo on a website and on any other material promoting the Platform for the sole purpose of identifying the Customer as a user  of  the  Platform.  This  authorization  is  subject  to  the  Customer's  reasonable  requirements regarding the use of its trademarks and logos and may be withdrawn by written notice at any time.

Botpress will be given a reasonable time to respond to the withdrawal of authorization and will have no obligation with respect to printed material already in circulation and materials no longer under its control.
9. DATA PROCESSING
9.1 Customer Data

Botpress acknowledges and agrees that as between Customer and Botpress, all worldwide right, title and interest, including all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Customer Data, shall be the exclusive property of Customer. Botpress does not acquire any rights, title or ownership interest of any kind whatsoever, express or implied, in any of the Customer Data, other than the license granted herein.
9.2 Customer Data License

The Customer represents and warrants to Botpress that it has all the necessary rights to upload the Customer  Data  to  the  Botpress  Infrastructure  and  that  any  operations  that  the  Customer,  the Authorized Users or Botpress (to the extent authorized under the Agreement) may perform on the Customer Data will not infringe on the rights of third parties or be otherwise unlawful. Customer hereby grants Botpress the right to use, copy, store, transfer and display the Customer Data solely for the purpose of enabling Botpress to perform the Software Services under this Agreement. Botpress may provide Customer Data to third-party providers involved in providing elements of the Botpress Infrastructure or providing the Software Services.
9.3 Analytics Data

Botpress may generate Analytics Data from Customer’s or Authorized Users’ Use of the Software, from  Customer  Data. Botpress  will  not  generate  Analytics  Data  from  Conversation  Data, except for the exclusive benefit of the Customer.

Any portion of Analytics Data identifying the Customer, Authorized Users, end-users or otherwise containing Personal Data shall be deemed confidential and shall not be disclosed. Botpress shall

retain ownership of the Analytics Data and shall have no obligation to share Analytics Data with Customer.

Analytics Data may be used for the following purposes:

a) Improving the Software features;

b) Providing technical support and improving technical support;

c) Training and developing algorithms or models (Conversation Data or Analytics Data derived from Conversation Data is never used for this purpose);

d) Auditing of the security of the Software and the integrity of the Customer Data;

e) Identifying of trends and creating comparative analyses (without reference to a specific Customer);
9.4 Security Measures

Botpress shall implement commercially reasonable technical and organizational security measures to  ensure  that  Customer  Data  under  its  control  is  not  subject  to  unauthorized  disclosure, modification, or destruction. Customer acknowledges that security measures and the information security standards used by Botpress may change based on, among other reasons, requirements or changes  in  the  practices  of  third-party  service  providers,  industry  standards  or  changes  in Botpress’ practices. A description of Botpress’ current security measures is available here.
9.5 Backup

Customer is solely responsible for adequate Customer Data back-up. Botpress will use reasonable efforts  to  ensure  the  availability  and  integrity  of  Customer  Data  uploaded  to  the  Botpress Infrastructure. Botpress may create backup copies and use other methods to this end, but the Software  Services  do  not  include  backup  services  for  Customer  Data  and  accordingly,  the Customer shall ensure that Customer Data is available outside of the Botpress Platform.
9.6 Personal Data

Botpress  will  process  Personal  Data  in  accordance  with  the Botpress  Data  Processing Agreement, which is incorporated hereto by reference.
10. CONFIDENTIALITY
10.1 Undertaking

Each  Party  shall,  and  shall  cause  its  employees,  officers,  agents  and  contractors  to  hold Confidential Information of the other Party in confidence, and shall use the same degree of care by instruction, agreement or otherwise, to maintain the confidentiality of the other Party’s Confidential Information that it uses to maintain the confidentiality of its own Confidential Information, but with at least a reasonable degree of care. Each Party agrees not to make use of Confidential Information other than for the exercise of rights or the performance of obligations under this Agreement, and not  to  release,  disclose,  communicate  it  or  make  it  available  to  any  third  party  other  than employees,  officers,  agents  and  contractors  of  the  Party  who  reasonably  need  to  know  it  in connection with the exercise of rights or the performance of obligations under this Agreement and which agreed in writing to keep Confidential Information confidential.
10.2 Exceptions

The receiving Party’s obligations set forth in paragraph 10.1 shall not apply to information:

a) that, at the time of disclosure by the disclosing Party, is available publicly through no act or failure on the part of the receiving Party, whether through a breach of this Agreement or otherwise;

b) that, prior to disclosure by the disclosing Party, was already in the possession of the receiving party, as evidenced by written records kept by the receiving party in the ordinary course of its business, or as evidenced by proof of actual prior use by the receiving party;

c) independently developed by the receiving Party, by Persons having no direct or indirect access to the disclosing Party’s Confidential Information provided that the receiving Party provides clear and convincing evidence of such independent development;

d) which, subsequent to disclosure, is obtained from a third Person: (A) who is lawfully in possession of the such information; (B) who is not in violation of any contractual, legal, or fiduciary obligation to either Party, as applicable, with respect to such information; and (C) who does not prohibit either Party from disclosing such information to others; or

e) that is further disclosed with the prior written consent of the disclosing Party, but only to the extent of such consent.
10.3 Forced Disclosure

In the event that a Party (including an employee, officer, agent or contractors of said Party) is ordered to disclose all or any part of the Confidential Information under the terms of a valid and effective order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by a governmental authority, such Party agrees to: (i) immediately notify the other Party of the existence, terms and circumstances surrounding such a request; (ii) consult with the other Party on the advisability of taking legally available  steps  to  resist  or  narrow  such  request;  and  (iii)  if  disclosure  of  such  Confidential Information  is  required,  exercise  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to  obtain  an  order  or  other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion of the disclosed Confidential Information which the other Party so designates.
11. TERM, RENEWAL AND TERMINATION
11.1 Duration

The Agreement shall remain in force as long as the Customer is Using or accessing the Software Services or Botpress Content.

Unless provided otherwise in a Proposal, Enterprise Plans will automatically renew for an additional term of 12 months at the end of the then current term unless either party provides a non-renewal notice to the other party at least 30 days prior to the renewal date.
11.2 Automatic Termination

Either party shall have the option to terminate this Agreement immediately, upon giving written notice to the other Party if:

a) The other party becomes or is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt, admits in writing its inability  to  pay  its  debts  as  they  mature,  or  makes  an  assignment  for  the  benefit  of creditors;

b) The other party applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee or similar officer for it or for all or any substantial part of its property or such receiver, trustee or similar officer is appointed without the consent of said party;

c) The  other  party  institutes  any  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium, arrangement, readjustment or debt, dissolution, liquidation or similar proceeding relating to it under the laws of any jurisdiction, or any such proceeding is instituted against a party and is not dismissed within sixty (60) days;
11.3 Termination by Customer

Unless otherwise stated in a Proposal or otherwise agreed as part of an Enterprise Plan, the Customer may terminate this Agreement and the rights granted hereunder at any time for any reason or for no reason, without prejudice to enforcement of any other legal right or remedy, by deleting its account through the Software interface. Despite any notice of termination, if a Customer using a Self-Serve Plan continues to Use the Software Services, the Agreement will remain in force and the Usage Fees will continue to be charged.

If  the  Customer  has  subscribed  to  the  Software  Services  for  a  fixed  duration  as  part  of  an Enterprise  Plan,  the  Customer  cannot  terminate  its  subscription  earlier  than  the  committed duration. The Customer forgoes any right to terminate its subscription early afforded by applicable law (if any) and agrees that Botpress will be entitled to recover all fees payable per the Customer’s subscription as damages in the event of an early termination other than pursuant to a default from Botpress.
11.4 Termination by Botpress

Botpress may terminate this Agreement and the rights granted hereunder without prejudice to enforcement of any other legal right or remedy, immediately upon giving written notice of such termination if:

a) Customer fails to pay in full any sum owing by it under this Agreement by the due date thereof and such failure continues for a period of ten (10) Business Days after delivery of a written notice by Botpress requiring Customer to correct such failure;

b) Customer,  an  Authorized  User  or  a  Customer  employee,  officer,  agent  or  contactor infringes  the  Intellectual  Property  Rights  of  Botpress,  including  by  the  breach  of Customer’s obligations under Section 9 or acts in any manner reasonably jeopardizing Botpress’ Intellectual Property Rights;

c) Customer or an Authorized User engages in any prohibited Use of the Software;

d) Customer breaches its obligations under Section 10;
e) Customer materially breaches any other provision of this Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) Business Days after delivery of a written notice by Botpress requiring Customer to correct such failure;
11.5 Obligation Upon Termination

Upon termination of this Agreement, Botpress shall certify to Customer in writing that it does not retain any copy of the Customer Data.

Botpress may permanently delete Customer Data thirty (30) days after the termination of this Agreement.
11.6 Survival

Notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, accrued rights, indemnities and all rights and obligation that by their nature shall survive the termination of the Agreement shall survive any such termination or expiration.
12. WARRANTIES
12.1  General Undertaking

Botpress shall provide the Software Services with reasonable skill and care and warrants that the Software Services will materially perform in accordance with to the applicable Documentation.

If the Software Services or Software do not conform with the foregoing undertaking, Botpress may, at  its  option  and  expense  (i)  use  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to  correct  any  such non-conformance promptly, (ii) provide the Customer with an alternative means of accomplishing the desired performance or (iii) refund the Usage Fees paid for the time period during which the affected Software Services do not comply with the foregoing. Without prejudice to Customer’s termination rights, such correction, substitution or refund constitutes the Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy for any breach of the undertaking set out in this Section.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Botpress:

a) does not warrant that the Software Services will be uninterrupted or error-free; or that the Software Services and/or the information obtained by the Customer through the Software Services  will  meet  the  Customer’s  requirements  (to  the  extent  that  the  same  exceed requirements expressly set forth in this Agreement); and

b) is not responsible for any delays, delivery failures, or any other loss or damage resulting from the transfer of data over communications networks and facilities other than those of Botpress,  including  the  internet,  and  the  Customer  acknowledges  that  the  Software Services may be subject to limitations, delays and other problems inherent in the use of such communications facilities.

c) is  not  responsible  for  any  delay  in  the  performance  of  Software  Services  caused  by Customer’s  lack  of  cooperation  or  by  delays  in  Customer  provision  of  materials  to Botpress.
12.2 Limitation of Warranty

OTHER  THAN  AS  OTHERWISE  EXPRESSLY  STATED  IN  THIS  AGREEMENT  OR  IN  THE PROPOSAL  (IF  APPLICABLE),  THE  SOFTWARE  AND  THE  SOFTWARE  SERVICES  ARE PROVIDED  TO  CUSTOMER  “AS  IS”  AND  WITH  ALL  FAULTS  AND  DEFECTS  WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BOTPRESS, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,  WITH  RESPECT  TO  THE  SOFTWARE  AND  THE  SOFTWARE  SERVICES, INCLUDING  ALL  IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  OF  MERCHANTABILITY,  FITNESS  FOR  A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS,  TRADE  SECRETS  OR  OTHER  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY,  AS  WELL  AS WARRANTIES  THAT  MAY  ARISE  OUT  OF  COURSE  OF  DEALING,  COURSE  OF PERFORMANCE,  USAGE  OR  TRADE  PRACTICE.  WITHOUT  LIMITATION  TO  THE FOREGOING, BOTPRESS PROVIDES NO WARRANTY OR UNDERTAKING, AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND, THAT THE SOFTWARE OR SOFTWARE SERVICES WILL MEET CUSTOMER’S REQUIREMENTS, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULTS, BE COMPATIBLE OR  WORK  WITH  ANY  OTHER  SOFTWARE,  APPLICATIONS,  SYSTEMS  OR  SERVICES, OPERATE  WITHOUT  INTERRUPTION,  MEET  ANY  PERFORMANCE  OR  RELIABILITY STANDARDS OR BE ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED.
13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
13.1 Nature of the Agreement

The parties acknowledge that Botpress’ obligations hereunder are limited to the provision of a software tool to facilitate the development and management of bots and does not include any obligation  to  provide  advice  or  any  commitment  regarding  the  results  obtained  by  using  the Software or the Software Services. The Customer is responsible for ensuring that the Software Services are adequate for its needs.
13.2 Exclusion of Consequential Damages

Subject to the restrictions of public order provided by law, neither Party shall not liable for indirect, consequential,  special  or  punitive  damages  arising  out  of  this  Agreement  or  from  Customer’s inability to Use the Software Services, including without limitation, loss of business opportunities, loss of profits, loss of anticipated savings, damages for loss or corruption of data and the cost of substitute goods or services, whether such damages are based on contract, fault, tort, negligence, strict liability or any other legal theory, even if a Party has been advised of the possibility of damages.
13.3 Monetary Limitation of Liability

Subject to the restrictions of public order provided by applicable law which cannot be excluded contractually, and without affecting Botpress’ indemnification obligation set forth at Section 15.2, Botpress’ liability and/or responsibility toward Customer under this Agreement and related to the Software, the Software Services or the Botpress Content shall be strictly limited to the Usage Fees paid by Customer to Botpress during the 12-month period preceding the first occurrence giving rise to liability.
14. FORCE MAJEURE

Except for the obligation to pay an amount of money, any delay or failure of either Party to perform its obligations under this Agreement shall be excused if, and to the extent, that the delay or failure is caused by an event or occurrence beyond the reasonable control of the Party and without its fault or negligence, such as, by way of example and not by way of limitation, acts of God, action by any governmental authority (whether valid or invalid), fires, flood, wind storms, explosions, riots, natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts, sabotage, labor problems (including lock-outs, strikes and slow downs, except for any labor problems of the Party claiming a force majeure event), or court order or injunction; provided that written notice of delay (including anticipated duration of the delay) shall be given by the affected Party to the other Party within five (5) days of the affected Party first becoming aware of such event. The Party not affected by a force majeure event may terminate this Agreement if the delay or failure causes said Party substantial harm.
15. INDEMNIFICATION
15.1 By the Customer

The Customer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Botpress and its directors, officers, employees,  shareholders,  consultants  and  affiliates  (collectively  the  "Botpress  Indemnitees") from and against any and all third party claims brought against any of the Botpress Indemnitees (including, without limitation, any direct or indirect costs, losses, liabilities, fines, judgments, costs, interest, penalties or expenses, including reasonable disbursements and fees of their legal counsel, which they may incur as a result of any such claims) arising from:

a) the use of the Software or the Software Services by the Customer or an Authorized User in violation of this Agreement (including Acceptable Use Policies) or any other agreement between Botpress and the Customer;

b) the authorized use of the Customer Data by Botpress;

c) the failure of the Customer to comply with its obligations with respect to the protection of Personal Data;

d) the violation by the Customer, Authorized Users or Customer’s personnel of any applicable law or regulation;
15.2 By Botpress

Botpress agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Customer and its directors, officers, employees and shareholders (collectively the "Customer Indemnitees") from and against any third party claims brought against any of the Customer Indemnitees (including, without limitation, any  direct  or  indirect  costs,  losses,  liabilities,  fines,  judgments,  costs,  interest,  penalties  or expenses, including reasonable disbursements and fees of their legal counsel, which they may incur) arising from:

a) an alleged infringement of a third-party intellectual property right existing in a territory in which  Customer  is  authorized  to  Use  the  Software  by  the  Software  or  the  Software Services, except if such infringement results from Use of the Software with a product not provided or approved by Botpress, any unauthorized Use of the Software or Use contrary

to Botpress' instructions, a trial or "beta" functionality, any modification of the Software by a person not authorized by Botpress; or

b) Botpress’ failure to comply with its obligations regarding the protection of Personal Data or Confidential Information.
15.3 Preventive measures

If  Botpress  determines  or  reasonably  suspects  that  the  Software  may  infringe  the  intellectual property rights of a third party, Botpress may, at its option: (a) procure the right to continue to provide the Software to the Customer, (b) replace any potentially infringing element with another non-infringing functionally equivalent element, or (c) immediately suspend the Customer's access to any potentially infringing element of the Software and reimburse the Customer for the Usage Fees paid in advance associated with such element.
15.4 Conditions

In order to benefit from the provisions of this Section 15, the party seeking indemnification must promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing no later than ten (10) days after the indemnified party becomes aware of a claim or reasonably should become aware of a claim. The indemnifying party shall then be at liberty to conduct the defense of such claim and to retain counsel reasonably acceptable to all parties, but shall not settle or make any admission of liability without the consent of the indemnified party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.
16. COMPLIANCE UNDERTAKING
16.1 Export Regulations

The Software and the Software Services may be subject to export control laws. Customer shall not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export or release the Software to, or make the Software accessible from, any jurisdiction or country to which export, re-export or release is prohibited by law, rule or regulation. Customer shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules, and complete all required undertakings (including obtaining any necessary export license or other governmental approval), prior to exporting, re-exporting, releasing or otherwise making the Software available across national borders.
17. GENERAL PROVISIONS
17.1 Governing Law

If the Botpress contracting party is Technologies Botpress Inc., this Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Province of Quebec without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the Province of Quebec or Canada. The parties agree to submit any dispute in connection with this Agreement to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of the Province of Quebec, sitting in the judicial district of Montreal.

If the Botpress contracting party is Botpress, Inc., this Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Delaware. Exclusive jurisdiction for any legal suit, action

or  proceeding  arising  out  of  this  Agreement lies within courts located in the State of Delaware, USA.
17.2 JURY TRIAL WAIVER

EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND  ALL  DISPUTES  THAT  MAY  BE  FILED  IN  ANY  COURT  AND  THAT  RELATE  TO  THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS.
17.3 Injunctive Relief

Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, each Party acknowledges that a breach by a Party of this Agreement may cause the non-breaching Party immediate and irreparable harm, for which an award of damages may not be adequate compensation and agrees that, in the event  of  such  breach  or  threatened  breach,  the  non-breaching  Party  will  be  entitled  to  seek equitable relief, including in the form of orders for preliminary or permanent injunction, specific performance, interim or conservatory relief, and any other relief that may be available for any court, and the Parties hereby waive any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such relief. Such remedies will not be deemed to be exclusive but will be in addition to all other remedies available under this Agreement, at law or in equity, subject to any express exclusions or limitations in this Agreement to the contrary.
17.4 Independent Contractors

The relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors. Nothing contained in this Agreement will be construed as creating any agency, partnership, joint venture, or other form of joint enterprise, employment, or fiduciary relationship between the Parties. Neither Party will have authority to contract for or bind the other Party in any manner whatsoever, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.
17.5 Notices

All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (a) when delivered by hand (with written  confirmation  of  receipt);  (b)  when  received  by  the  addressee  if  sent  by  a  nationally recognized  overnight  courier  (receipt  requested);  or  (c)  on  the  date  sent  by  facsimile  (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the addresses set forth on the Proposal.
17.6 Entire Agreement

This Agreement, together with the Proposal (which is subject to Botpress’ acceptance), and any schedules and exhibits hereto, and any documents incorporated by reference herein, including any addendum,  constitutes  the  sole  and  entire  agreement  between  Customer  and  Botpress  with respect  to  the  subject  matter  hereof,  and  supersedes  all  prior  and  contemporaneous understandings, agreements, and representations, whether written or oral, with respect to such subject matter.
17.7 Assignment

Customer shall not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any of its obligations or performance under this Agreement, without Botpress’ prior written consent. For  purposes  of  the  preceding  sentence,  and  without  limiting  its  generality,  any  merger, consolidation or reorganization involving Customer (regardless of whether Customer is a surviving or disappearing entity) will be deemed to be a transfer of rights, obligations or performance under this Agreement for which Botpress’ prior written consent is required. No delegation or other transfer will relieve Customer of any of its obligations or performance under this Agreement. Any purported assignment, delegation or transfer in violation of this Section is void.

Botpress  may  assign  or  otherwise  transfer  all  or  any  of  its  rights  hereunder,  or  delegate  or otherwise  transfer  all  or  any  of  its  obligations  or  performance  under  this  Agreement  without Customer’s consent.
17.8 Third-Party Beneficiaries

This  Agreement  is  for  the  sole  benefit  of  the  parties  hereto  and  their  respective  permitted successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer on any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Affiliates of Botpress shall be third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
17.9 Waivers

No waiver of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.
17.10 Severability

If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Agreement to be unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent possible to effectuate the intent of the parties, and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 