SERVICES TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Current version published on 23 August 2023. The current version takes effect on 23 August 2023.
1. DEFINITIONS
In these terms and conditions, the following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings:
Account(s) means the account belonging to You which will have an associated
international bank account number, sort code or account number or
other bank identifier number which will be opened by the ASP as part
of Your onboarding with Us. The Account will be used to fund the
Payment Account used for the execution of payment transactions ;
Agreement means these Terms and Conditions;
“Anti-Money
Laundering” or “AML”
Checks
means all the relevant legal and regulatory requirements resulting from
national, European or international rules, relating to the prevention of
money laundering and terrorist financing, as may vary from time to
time, and applicable to the ASP in relation to the Account and the
Payment Account, the Issuer in relation to the Card and the services
inherent therein;
“Associated service
provider” or “ASP”
For customers which are issued Cledara Accounts:
● With IBANs containing the letters “PAYR” or with a Sort Code
beginning with “04-03” means Embedded Finance Limited
which is Registered in the UK (14698459) that may execute
Payment Orders or other instructions on Our behalf;
● For all other customers located in the UK or EEA, means
Modulr Finance Limited which is Registered in the UK
(09897957) that may execute Payment Orders or other
instructions on Our behalf.
Authorised Company
Representative
means an authorised person of Your company with sufficient powers to
subscribe this Agreement and any delegates (as set forth in Clause 3.2);
Available Balance means the value of unspent funds paid into the Account and available to
use for transactions, fees and charges payable under this Agreement;
Beneficiary Account means a bank account belonging to You ;
Card(s) means the payment instrument, issued to the Users within Our
framework and pursuant to the Card Terms and Conditions;
Card Fees means all the fees payable to the Issuer in respect of the Cards, which
are deducted from the Account and which are related to Transactions
and use of the Card, as such fees are set out and charged by the Issuer in
accordance with the Card Terms and Conditions;
Card Scheme means Mastercard®, Visa and/or any other similar card scheme, as may
be indicated on the Platform;
Card Terms and
Conditions
means the terms and conditions (as may vary from time to time and as
published on the Platform or as otherwise communicate to the Users)
between You and the Users on the one hand and the Issuer on the other
hand relating to use and operation of the Cards, including any specific
terms and conditions relating to an individual Card;
Charges means sums payable by You to Us in respect of the Services and the use
of the Cards, including the Fees;
Credentials means the identification techniques which must be used by any User in
order to identify themselves with Us for any instruction or request
entered into the Platform in relation to a Payment Order, the issuance,
operation and management of their Card(s); such techniques may
include an address, (mobile) phone number, password, or any other
security features which we think are appropriate to implement with a
view to safeguarding Your privacy, rights and interests; the type of
credentials required by Us may vary from time to time and will be
indicated on the Platform;
Fees means the fees payable to Us for the Services, as they may vary from
time to time in accordance with the Service Terms and Conditions; Fees
may be linked to certain Services plan, and are disclosed on the
Platform; they are deemed accepted by any User upon his/her
registration on the Platform;
Issuer means the institution licenced to issue, and which issues, the Cards, and
whose identity is set out in the Card Terms and Conditions or otherwise
indicated on the Platform
Issuer Contractual
Documents
means the Cards Terms and Conditions, and any other contractual
documents to be entered into between You and the Issuer, in respect of
the Cards, as they are posted on the Platform, from time to time or
otherwise communicated to the Authorised Company Representative
acting on Your behalf
Payment means Us debiting your account and sending the funds to a Beneficiary
Account, the details of which you set out in the Payment Order
Payment Account as described in the Card Terms and Conditions
Payment Account Issuer If your ASP is Embedded Finance Limited, your Payment Account
Issuer is PayrNet Ltd, the Authorised Electronic Money Institution
which is Registered in the UK (09883437) and authorised by the UK
Financial Conduct Authority (900594) to issue electronic money
(e-money), provide the Account and provide payment services
If your ASP is Modulr Finance Limited, your Payment Account Issuer
is based on where your company is registered. For companies located in
the United Kingdom, your Payment Account Issuer is Modulr FS
Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company
number 09897919, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority as an Electronic Money Institution (Firm Reference
Number: 900573) for the issuance of electronic money and payment
services. Your account and related payment services are provided by
Modulr FS Limited.
If your ASP is Modulr Finance Limited and your company is registered
in the EEA, your Payment Account Issuer is Modulr Finance B.V., a
company registered in the Netherlands with company number
81852401, which is authorised and regulated by the Dutch Central Bank
(DNB) as an Electronic Money Institution (Firm Reference Number:
R182870) for the issuance of electronic money and payment services.
Your account and related payment services are provided by Modulr
Finance B.V
Payment Order means a request from You to Us to execute the payment
5.1. Card funds.
The funds available in the Account are accessible with a Card upon Your or the User’s request of such
Card through the Platform and in accordance with the instructions set out at the appropriate section of
the Platform.
5.2. Funding.
The funds available on any Card may not exceed the available balance of the Account. The
Authorised Company Representative may transfer additional funds to the Account to guarantee
sufficient balance to cover for all the card transactions.
5.3. Funding Permissions.
Setting a limit on the funds available with a Card must be done through the relevant section of the
Platform. Depending on the roles and permissions set by the Authorised Company Representative,
Users may access information about Account Balances, Charges, Card Balances, Card transactions
and Card fees via the Platform.
5.4 Issuance of Payment Account.
The funds held in Your Account are held in an Account provided to you by your Payment Account
Issuer and are governed by the Terms and Conditions listed on www.cledara.com/terms. Such Terms
and Conditions form a Contractual relationship directly between you and your Payment Account
Issuer. Cledara shall not be liable to you for any actions taken by your Payment Account Issuer, nor
shall it be liable for funds held by you in an Account held by your Payment Account Issuer under any
circumstances.
6. PAYMENT OF CHARGES
6.1. Fees & Invoices.
You must pay to Us the Fees disclosed on the Platform in relation to the Services for which Users
have registered, depending on the Services subscribed to by the Users and the applicable Services
plan. Our invoices for the Fees shall be available on the Platform. We reserve the right to deduct any
unpaid Fees from your account commencing 30 days after the invoice was due.
6.2. Allocation to Accounts.
All Charges shall, when payable, be charged directly to the relevant card and will be automatically
deducted from that card.
6.3. Insufficient Balance.
In the event where the Account Balance is not sufficient to cover and pay Charges, You will no longer
be able to issue new Cards or to use already issued Cards. We may also take repayment from any
funds held with Cledara.
6.4. Disputed Charges.
If You dispute any Charges, You must let Us know within thirty (30) days after the date that We
invoice You. You will lose the right to claim if You fail to do so.
7. TERMINATION
7.1. Termination.
The Agreement is made for an indefinite period. Either party may terminate the Agreement at any
time upon 15 days written notice to the other party. We may terminate Our agreement with You at any
time and without notice if You, the Authorised Company Representative or any User fail to comply
with these Services Terms and Conditions or with the Terms and Conditions of the Card, or if the
Issuer, ASP or Payment Account Issuer ceases to issue Cards for any reason. Any termination of the
Agreement, howsoever caused, shall be without prejudice to any obligations or rights of either of the
parties which may have accrued prior to termination or expiry and shall not affect any provision of the
Agreement which is expressly or by implication intended to come into effect on, or to continue in
effect after, such termination or expiry.
7.2. Termination upon Redemption.
Subject to the payment of any appropriate Charges, the Authorised Company Representative may
make a Payment out for any unspent funds available on the Account at any time through the Platform.
Such funds will be debited from the Account and transferred to the Beneficiary Account. Following
30 days from the redemption of all funds, we will automatically close the Account and the Cards and
stop access to the Services to You and the Users if You have not done it before the expiration of the 30
days. If you have not made a Payment out for any unspent funds available on the Account, 181 days
after Termination, such funds will be forfeited and become Our property.
7.3. Consequences of Termination.
On termination of the Agreement, the Account and Services will be cancelled and suspended in their
entirety. You shall cease to use the Services in any manner and We shall not have any obligation to act
upon any of Your requests. Your Account and the Cards will be closed and available funds on the
Account will be transferred to the Beneficiary Account, if we have the relevant bank account details..
Failure to provide an account within a period of 30 days from termination of the Agreement, in case
we lack the details of a Beneficiary Account will result in any funds available in the Account
becoming Our property.
8. LIABILITY
8.1. Exclusion of Liability.
We shall not be liable to You (i) for loss of business, loss of profits, loss of data, loss of reputation or
goodwill, regulatory fines or sanctions incurred by You, or for any form of indirect loss, whether
arising from negligence, breach of contract, tort, breach of regulatory or statutory duty or otherwise
even if We had been advised of the possibility of such losses, (ii) in respect of any failure by or
insolvency of the Issuer, ASP or Payment Account Issuer, and (iii) in any way for any interest or
claims of any third parties in respect of the Account and/or the Cards, except as required by law or
regulation.
8.2. Limitation of Liability.
When We are liable, Our total liability to You under the Agreement will be limited in aggregate to the
Charges paid to Us by You during the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year in the
course of which the event triggering Our liability has occurred.
9. MISCELLANEOUS
9.1. Data Protection.
9.1.1. Definitions.
Controller means You.
Data Breach means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful
destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to,
Personal Data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed by the
Processor or a subcontractor.
Data Protection Law means the (a) the Regulation and (b) National Data Protection Law, to
the extent applicable at the relevant time.
Data Subject, Processor,
processing
have the meaning given to the terms in the Data Protection Law and
“process”, “processes” and “processed” are to be interpreted
accordingly.
EEA means the European Economic Area.
National Data Protection
Law
means applicable national laws relating to Personal Data protection any
delegated or implementing laws adopted in the relevant country
pursuant to the Regulation.
Personal Data has the meaning given to it in Data Protection Law.
Processor means Us.
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with
regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of
such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (the “General Data
Protection Regulation”), and any replacement directive or regulation
imposing equivalent obligations.
9.1.2. Scope.
This clause applies when We process Users’ Personal Data on Your behalf. In addition, in accordance
with applicable Data Protection Law, You acknowledge that We may collect, store and process data
that Users provide in order to access or use the Services and data related to Users’ preferences and
traffic. The types of data we may collect for the above purposes are indicated in the Privacy Policy
(available on the Platform). Users are informed of the Privacy Policy when they first register on the
Platform.
9.1.3. Purpose and Instructions.
We will only process Personal Data on Your behalf consistently with these Terms and Your other
written instructions.
9.1.4. Processor Personnel.
We will restrict access to Personal Data to Our personnel who need to access the Personal Data to
provide the Services to You. We will ensure that any of Our personnel who process Personal Data : (i)
are bound by appropriate confidentiality, data protection, and/or data security obligations, which are at
least as restrictive as this clause; and (ii) will only process Personal Data in compliance with these
Terms, unless required to do so by law.
9.1.5. Security.
Taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and
purpose of the processing of Personal Data in the context of this Agreement, as well as the likelihood
and severity of the risk for the rights and freedoms of the individuals concerned, We will implement
and maintain appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security
appropriate to that risk, including, as appropriate, the measures referred to in Article 32(1) of the
Regulation.
9.1.6. Disclosure.
We will not disclose Personal Data to any government, authority or other third party other than as
authorised in the Terms without Your prior written consent unless applicable law requires us to do so.
To the extent permissible by law, We will immediately notify You if We receive a request to disclose
Personal Data.
9.1.7. Transfers of Personal Data.
Your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that are
not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature or
regulator, and that may not provide for the same level of data protection. We ensure that the recipient
of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into
the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an
alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46
GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators. Where required by applicable law, we will only
share, transfer or store your Personal Data outside of your jurisdiction with your prior consent.
9.1.8. Assistance.
We will take appropriate technical and organisational measures and provide cooperation or assistance
in connection with steps that You take to comply with EU Data Protection Law insofar as possible and
insofar as they relate to the Services. This includes assisting you in complying with Your obligations
to: (i) respond to requests from individuals or authorities, (ii) notify data breaches to affected
individuals and/or authorities; (iii) carry out data protection impact assessments and/or (iv) carry out
prior consultations with the supervisory authority.
9.1.9. Information and Audit.
We will allow for and contribute to audits conducted by You or an auditor of Your choice solely for
the purpose of assessing Our compliance with the obligations set out in these Terms, provided We are
given at least fourteen working days’ prior written notice. Any audit shall be conducted during normal
business hours. You may request an audit once in any twelve month period during the term of the
Agreement. You or Your auditors shall not be entitled to audit: (i) data or information of Cledara’s
other clients or prospective clients, (ii) any internal data belonging to Us and unrelated to the Services
(including information on Our costs structure), or (iii) any other information that is not directly and
strictly relevant for the authorised purposes of the audit. You shall bear the entirety of the costs in
relation to any such audit, and We will be entitled to charge You any reasonable additional costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the audit.
9.1.10. Deletion and Return.
Except if provided otherwise by law or regulation, upon termination of these Terms and Conditions or
otherwise upon Your written instructions, We will, at Your option, delete or return all Personal Data
processed on Your behalf in connection with the Services. We may keep a copy of the Personal Data if
required to comply with Our own legal or regulatory obligations. If you fail to provide instructions
regarding their deletion or return, we may keep a copy of the Personal Data processed on your behalf
for a maximum of one (1) year from termination of the Terms.
9.1.11. Data Breaches.
We will notify You of any Data Breach promptly, and in no event more than three (3) business days
after becoming aware of it. We will include in the notice a point of contact whom You can contact
about the Data Breach. Where available, we will also include enough information in the notice to
allow You to understand the impact of the Data Breach. If not available at the time of notice, We will
provide such information as soon as possible thereafter. We will promptly comply with any
instructions provided by, and cooperate with, You in relation to the Data Breach.
9.1.12. Records.
We maintain a written log of the processing of Personal Data we perform on Your behalf. Our log
includes the following information: (i) the categories of recipients to whom the Personal Data have
been or will be disclosed; (ii) to the extent that Personal Data is transferred to a third party outside the
EEA, a list of such transfers (including the name of the relevant non-EEA country and organisation),
and documentation of the suitable safeguards in place for such transfers; and (iii) where possible, a
general description of the technical and organisational security measures implemented by any
subcontractor . We will provide the supervisory authority with a copy of such log upon request.
9.1.13. Subcontractors.
You understand that we rely on a number of business partners and suppliers to provide the Services
and agree to Us engaging a subcontractor to process Personal Data on Your behalf, to the extent
necessary to provide the Services. We may continue to use those subcontractors already engaged at
the date of this Agreement. We will ensure that any such subcontractor is bound by data protection
obligations equivalent to those set out herein. A list of our subcontractors at the date of contracting is
available on our Platform. We will notify You of any significant changes to our subcontracting policy
such as the addition or replacement of a subcontractor by updating the list of subcontractors available
on our Platform. Absent any written objection on your part within fifteen days of the notification of a
change, you will be considered to have consented to such a change.
9.1.14. Sharing Personal Data with the Issuer, ASP or Payment Account Issuer.
You understand that the Issuer, ASP or Payment Account Issuer will act as data Controller over any
Personal Data shared with the Issuer, ASP or Payment Account Issuer on Your behalf in accordance
with section 2.6 above.
9.1.15. Warranty.
You warrant that You comply with all applicable Data Protection Laws regarding the Personal Data
processed by Us on Your behalf, and in particular that the processing of Personal Data has a valid
legal basis, that any Personal Data provided by You have been lawfully collected, that Users have
been informed of the nature and purpose of, and where relevant, have consented to, the processing of
Personal Data performed by Us on Your behalf.
9.2. Amendment of these Services Terms and Conditions.
We reserve the right to change these Services Terms and Conditions and the Fees at any time, but if
We do, We will bring such change to Your attention by placing a notice on the Platform and/or by
sending You an email. The revised Services Terms and Conditions and Fees will be effective one
month after the notification of the new Services Terms and Conditions and/or Fees. If You do not
agree with such revised Agreement, You must terminate the Agreement and close Your Account prior
to the entry into force of such new Service Terms and Conditions and/or Fees. The continued Use of
the Services and the Cards by the Authorised Company Representative and the Users after the entry
into force of such changes shall be construed as Your and the Users’ acceptance of such changes.
9.3. No Partnership or Agency.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or shall operate to, create a partnership between the parties,
or to authorise either party to act as agent for the other, and neither party shall have authority to act in
the name or on behalf of or otherwise to bind the other in any way (including the making of any
representation or warranty, the assumption of any obligation or liability and the exercise of any right
or power).
9.4. Notices.
All notices sent to You pursuant to these Services Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to have been
validly sent to You if they are sent by email to the email address of the Authorised Company
Representative, as recorded on the Platform, or to any User, at the email address of such User, as
recorded on the Platform. All notices pursuant to the Services Terms and Conditions are validly sent
to Us if they are sent by email to support@cledara.com.
9.5. Waivers.
Failure to exercise, or any delay in exercising, any right or remedy provided under this Agreement or
by law shall not constitute a waiver of that (or any other) right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or
restrict any further exercise of that (or any other) right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of any
right or remedy provided under this Agreement or by law shall preclude or restrict the further exercise
of that right or remedy. A waiver (which may be given subject to conditions) of any right or remedy
provided under this Agreement or by law shall only be effective if it is in writing. It shall apply only
to the party to whom it is addressed and for the specific circumstances for which it is given. It shall
not prevent the party who has given the waiver from subsequently relying on the right or remedy in
other circumstances. Unless specifically provided otherwise, rights arising under this Agreement are
cumulative and do not exclude rights provided by law.
9.6. Severance.
If (part of) a provision of these Services Terms and Conditions is found illegal, invalid or
unenforceable, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to amend such provision such that, as amended,
it is legal, valid and enforceable, and, to the greatest extent possible, achieves the parties' original
commercial intention.
9.7. Governing Law.
This Agreement and any dispute or non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with it
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with laws of the United Kingdom.
9.8. Dispute Resolution.
In case of dispute between You and Us in relation to the Services, the Courts of England and Wales
shall have exclusive jurisdiction. This is without limitation of the right of either Party to seek the
mediation of competent mediation services with a view to settling the dispute amicably.
Fees Schedule
Fees and charges Amount
Dispute resolution/ Chargeback fee £30 where the chargeback is declined by
the Scheme
Card Foreign Currency Fee 0-1.5% of the amount of any card payment
made in a foreign currency
