
1. OWNERSHIP OF SITE; AGREEMENT TO TERMS OF USE

These Terms of Use (the “Terms”) apply to the IZEA web site located at www.izea.com, and all associated sites linked thereto by IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (“IZEA”), its subsidiaries, and affiliates (the “Site(s)”). IZEA owns and operates the Sites as well as numerous other web sites, including BrandGraph, Flex, and Zuberance, access to which is made available under these Terms and the Privacy Notice.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SITES. These Terms set out the legally binding terms for use of IZEA’s Sites and Services. Users indicate acceptance of the Terms and all the terms and conditions contained or referenced in these Terms by browsing the Site(s), creating an account, or otherwise accessing the Services. IZEA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. Provided you comply with these Terms, IZEA grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Sites.
2. CONTENT

All graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names appearing on the Sites are registered and unregistered service marks, trademarks, trade names, or trade dress of IZEA or its subsidiaries and affiliates in the U.S. and other countries (collectively, “trademarks”). IZEA’s trademarks and any images, avatars, or icons available on our Sites may not be used, including as part of trademarks and/or as part of domain names, in connection with any product or service, or in any commercial manner, without prior written approval. The only exception to the foregoing is usage solely in connection with journalistic promotion of our services. Nothing on these sites shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo or service mark displayed thereon without the owner’s prior written permission, except as otherwise described herein. All proprietary rights and goodwill in IZEA’s trademarks and other intellectual property shall inure to the benefit of IZEA. The Sites and all of their content, including but not limited to text, design, graphics, interfaces and code, and the selection and arrangement thereof, is protected as a compilation under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. IZEA reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the sites and their content.

The Sites may feature, display, or utilize certain images, logos, or other materials that are copyrighted and/or trademarked by third parties. IZEA’s usage of these copyrights and trademarks is governed by applicable fair use laws, and IZEA does not claim to own any interest in such intellectual property, which proprietary rights and goodwill shall inure to the benefit of its owners.

Users may make non-commercial uses of the likeness, name, and avatar of Ryla Tyx, but only IZEA may utilize Ryla Tyx and any derivations thereof for commercial purposes (such as real-world applications, activities that directly derive profit from her likeness, name, or avatar, etc.). IZEA owns all available rights in and to the virtual influencer Ryla Tyx and may publish or otherwise utilize any user-generated content incorporating her name, likeness, or avatar. IZEA reserves the right to inspect the character and/or quality of the use of Ryla Tyx and have removed uses that are not considered of sufficient quality. Selected content may be featured in the FormAI Community Showcase, on the Sites, or on social media platforms, but no license rights are granted to the use of Ryla Tyx without IZEA’s express written consent.
3. ELIGIBILITY

You must be an adult (as defined by the jurisdiction in which you reside) to access the Sites and its features. Authorized agents may create accounts, with proof of authorization from the individual on whose behalf the account is created, and both the agent and the individual will be deemed bound by these Terms of Service. By registering for an account, you are representing and warranting that all information you submit is truthful and accurate, and that you agree to maintain the accuracy of such information. You understand and agree that IZEA will use the information you provide in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Notice, which is integrated into and included as part of these Terms. IZEA accounts are not transferable, assignable or resalable under any circumstances.
4. PROVISION OF SERVICES

IZEA is constantly innovating and changing its offerings to provide the best possible experience for its users. Users of its Site(s) acknowledge and agree that, without prior notice to you, (i) the form and nature of the Services which IZEA provides may change from time to time, and (ii) IZEA may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing some or all of the services or features of the Site(s) to users generally at IZEA’s sole discretion. IZEA may terminate the relationship covered by these Terms and/or a User’s participation in the Service at any time, for any reason or for no reason, and IZEA shall not have any liability regarding such decisions. Those sections of these Terms which would typically survive, shall survive any termination of these Terms. In addition, IZEA has the ability to (i) modify user, account, or organization permissions at any level to add or remove users, or make any other changes as otherwise deemed reasonably necessary in the provision of services; and (ii) assume a user’s account for the purposes of troubleshooting and resolving issues.
5. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES

Users may, from time to time, connect accounts or content from third party websites to their account(s) via the Site(s). By doing so, users consent to the release of user information on IZEA to those third parties, in accordance with the policies of those third parties. Users also consent to the release of user information on those third parties to IZEA, in accordance with IZEA’s Privacy Notice, and to IZEA sharing user information with third parties that IZEA has contracted with to provide services or functionalities on behalf of Users. In addition, the Sites may contain links to other independent third-party web sites. Such third-party sites are not under IZEA’s control and as such IZEA is not responsible for any content, information, or materials provided on such sites.
6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Each user of the Site(s) represents, warrants, and covenants that (i) you have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (ii) your use of IZEA’s services is solely for lawful commercial and business purposes; (iii) the links contained in any content are directed to the intended and agreed upon destination and are not redirected; (iv) you will not engage or cause others to engage in any form of spamming or improper or malicious, as determined by IZEA, clicking, impression or marketing activities through the Site(s), and you will comply with all applicable laws including complying with all applicable laws such as the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003; and (iv) you have the necessary rights to provide all information provided to the Site(s) (including all content, data, claims, statements, products and services, casting calls, contacts, titles, URLs and descriptions) for use as described in these Terms (the “Information”).

Users shall further represent, warrant and covenant that all such Information does not and will not: (a) violate any law, statute, ordinance, treaty or regulation or IZEA policy or guideline; (b) infringe any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, or other intellectual property right of any third party; (c) breach any duty toward or rights of any person or entity including rights of publicity or privacy, and have not otherwise resulted in or are not likely to result in any consumer fraud, product liability, tort, breach of contract, injury, damage or harm of any kind to any person or entity; (d) advertise any unlawful product or service or unlawful sale of any product or service. Each user who is deemed a “Marketer” on the relevant Sites further represents that (i) it has a reasonable basis for all claims made within its advertising and possesses appropriate documentation to substantiate such claims; (ii) it will comply with the applicable Master Service Agreement (if applicable); (iii) the landing page for any links (i.e., the Marketer’s website page where a consumer is directed when the consumer clicks on the link, fills in a registration form or takes a similar action) contains a prominent link to Marketer’s privacy policy, which policy provides, at a minimum, adequate notice, disclosure and choices to consumers regarding Marketer’s use, collection and disclosure of their personal information; and (iv) prior to loading any computer program onto an individual’s computer, including without limitation programs commonly referred to as spyware but excluding cookies (provided that cookies are disclosed in Marketer’s privacy policy), Marketer shall provide notice to and shall obtain the express consent of such individual. Additionally, Users acknowledge and agree that all Information will (i) not be false, misrepresentative, deceptive or misleading; (ii) not be defamatory, libelous, slanderous, obscene or threatening; (iii) not target children under the age of thirteen (13), (iv) be free of viruses, Trojan horses, trap doors, back doors, Easter eggs, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that may potentially damage, interfere with, intercept, or expropriate any system data or personal information.
7. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

USERS EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE AVAILABLE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND THAT YOUR USE THEREOF IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, IZEA DISCLAIMS TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY (i) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, (ii) WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, (iii) WARRANTIES RELATING TO DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS IN THE SERVICE OR IZEA SITES, OR ANY PART THEREOF, (iv) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE TRANSMISSION OR DELIVERY OF THE SERVICE OR THE IZEA SITES, (v) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE ACCURACY OR CORRECTNESS OF DATA, ACCURACY OF COMMUNICATIONS, AND ANY OTHER WARRANTIES OTHERWISE RELATING TO PERFORMANCE, NONPERFORMANCE, OR OTHER ACTS OR OMISSIONS BY IZEA. FURTHER, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE OR THE IZEA SITES WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OR THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OF ANY OTHER PERSON. IN ADDITION, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT IZEA’S WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER TELECOMMUNICATIONS OR INTERNET OUTAGES CAUSED BY THIRD PARTIES OR OTHERWISE OUTSIDE OF IZEA’S CONTROL. SERVICES MAY BE LIMITED BY MANY FACTORS, INCLUDING INHERENT RISKS OF THE INTERNET.

BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, IZEA’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

ANY LIABILITY OF IZEA TO A SITE USER IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OR FORM OF ACTION, SHALL BE STRICTLY LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY SUCH USER DIRECTLY TO IZEA FOR THE SERVICES PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE CLAIM. IN NO EVENT SHALL IZEA OR ANY IZEA ENTITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THESE TERMS. THE SITE USER AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT HOLD IZEA RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SELECTION OR RETENTION OF, OR ANY ACTS, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS BY, ANY THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS, REGARDLESS OF THE INTENT OF SUCH THIRD PARTY.

THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF IZEA OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, IZEA’S LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
9. INDEMNIFICATION

Users of the Site(s) agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless IZEA, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and its and their employees, officers, and directors (each, an “IZEA Entity” and collectively, the “IZEA Entities”), and each IZEA Entity’s licensors, organizations, licensees, consultants, contractors, agents, attorneys, owners, third party service providers and authorized third parties from and against any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees (collectively, “Claim(s)”), that actually or allegedly arise out of or result from information or materials provided, use of the Site(s) or the Platform(s) or your breach of these Terms. You agree to be solely responsible for defending any Claim against or suffered by IZEA and/ or any IZEA Entity, subject to IZEA and/or the IZEA Entity’s right to participate with counsel of its own choosing, and for payment of damages or losses resulting from all claims against IZEA, and/or any IZEA Entity provided that you will not agree to any settlement that imposes any obligation or liability on IZEA and/or an IZEA Entity without IZEA’s prior express written consent.
10. NOTICES

IZEA may give general notices to parties by posting on its Sites, or by electronic mail to the e-mail address provided by a User to IZEA. It is the party’s responsibility to ensure that their e-mail address and any other contact information provided to IZEA is updated, current and correct. It is a User’s responsibility to also check these Terms to see if there has been a modification. All notices to IZEA shall be sent via nationally recognized overnight courier or certified mail, return receipt requested, to: IZEA Worldwide, Inc., 1317 Edgewater Drive, Suite #1880, Orlando, FL 32804 USA Attn: Legal Notices.
11. CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

Claims of Copyright Infringement

We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our contributors and those utilizing Marketplace to do the same. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied and is accessible on this site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing our copyright agent with the following information:

    The electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.
    A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed and a description of the infringing activity.
    Identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists, for example the URL of the website where it is posted or the name of the book in which it has been published.
    Identification of the URL or other specific location on the Sites where the material that you claim is infringing is located; you must include enough information to allow us to locate the material.
    Your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
    A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
    A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.

Our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on this site can be reached as follows: Copyright Agent c/o IZEA Worldwide, Inc. 1317 Edgewater Dr., Suite #1880 Orlando, FL 32804 USA copyrightagent@izea.com
12. GOVERNING LAW; DISPUTE RESOLUTION

These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Florida, U.S.A. without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. Users agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Orange County, Florida. Any claim against IZEA arising from the Terms shall be adjudicated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any proceeding with any claim or controversy of any other party. Users further agree that, to the extent allowed by applicable law, (i) any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or in connection with the Terms, shall be resolved individually without resort to any form of class action; (ii) any claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to reasonable and actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, but in no event attorney’s fees; and (iii) under no circumstances will Users be permitted to obtain any award for, and Users hereby waive all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential damages and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased and any other damages, other than damages for reasonable and actual out-of-pocket expenses.
13. MISCELLANEOUS

The Terms constitute the entire terms of service and understanding between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous terms of service, agreements, proposals and communications in all forms of media (including all instructions, advertisements, messages and policies), written and oral, between any party and IZEA regarding the subject matter contained herein. Only a written instrument executed by the party waiving compliance may waive the terms or covenants of the Terms. No waiver by either party of a breach of any provision hereof shall be taken or held to be a waiver of any succeeding breach of such provision or as a waiver of the provision itself. If any provision of the Terms is held or made invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity shall not affect the remainder of the Terms, and the invalid or unenforceable provisions shall be replaced by a mutually acceptable provision, which being valid, legal and enforceable comes closest to the original intentions of the parties to the Terms and has like economic effect. IZEA shall have no liability under the Terms by reason of any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations on account of strikes, shortages, riots, acts of terrorism, insurrection, fires, flood, storm, explosions, earthquakes, Internet outages, computer virus, Acts of God, war, governmental action, or any other cause that is beyond its reasonable control. The parties are independent contractors and nothing in the Terms shall be construed to create, evidence, or imply any agency, employment, business relationship, or joint venture between the parties. Site Users are not employees of IZEA. Neither IZEA nor a Site User shall have any right, power, or authority to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of the other party. The Terms are not intended to benefit, nor shall it be deemed to give rise to any rights in, any third party. Users may not assign or transfer the Terms, or sublicense, assign or delegate any right or duty under the Terms without IZEA’s prior written consent. Any assignment, transfer or attempted assignment or transfer in violation of this Section shall be void and of no force and effect. IZEA and its subsequent assignees may assign the Terms, in whole or in part, or any of its rights or delegate any of its duties, under the Terms to any party. Any rights not expressly granted in the Terms are reserved by IZEA, and all implied licenses are disclaimed. Headings used in the Terms are for reference purposes only and in no way affect the Terms. The term “including” is a term of enlargement meaning “including without limitation,” and does not denote exclusivity. IZEA may change the Terms and/or the Privacy Notice at any time upon notice published on its Site(s). Any use by a Site User, their affiliates, agents, representatives, employees, or any person or entity acting on their behalf, of the Service after such notice shall be deemed to be continued acceptance by them of the Terms and Privacy Notice, including any amendments and modifications thereto. All information or material in connection with a Service must be submitted in the form requested by IZEA. IZEA reserves the right to discontinue offering, and/or modify the Services at any time. Except as otherwise specified by IZEA, parties agree that they will direct all communications relating to the Service or their participation therein directly to IZEA and not to any other entity. The organization, specifications, structure or appearance of any IZEA property or any page where a party’s information (including listings) may be displayed may be redesigned or modified at any time.
14. SAFE HARBOR NOTICE

Forward-looking statements in the Sites, if any, are made under the Safe Harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and any other applicable regulation. Certain important factors could cause results to differ materially from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements, including the impact of changing economic or business conditions, the impact of competition, the availability of favorable credit and trade terms, the impact of changes in the cost or availability of resources, government regulation, and other factors discussed from time to time in reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Creator MarketplaceⓇ
Terms of Service

Updated June 20, 2024
1. Introduction

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (“IZEA”) owns and operates The Creator MarketplaceⓇ platform (the “Marketplace”), an online marketplace that connects Buyers (as defined below) with Sellers (as defined below), hosted and operated by IZEA, alongside Flex and other IZEA platform services (the “Sites”).

Utilization of Marketplace is made available under these Terms of Service (“Terms”) and the Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) as well as the IZEA Terms of Use. Each time you access Marketplace, you should check the date of these Terms (which appears at the top of this document) and review any changes since the last version, which will govern your use. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use Marketplace.

Upon connecting social media channels to your account, you are also agreeing to be bound by the following, as applicable to the connected channel: BeReal’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; Clubhouse’s Terms of Services and Privacy Policy; Facebook’s TOS and Privacy Policies; Flickr’s TOS and Privacy Policy; Google Privacy Policy (as well as Google’s security revocation site, Google Security Settings); Instagram’s TOS and Privacy Policy; LinkedIn’s User Agreement and Privacy Policy; Pinterest’s TOS and Privacy Policy; Reddit’s User Agreement and Privacy Policy; SnapChat’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy; Tik Tok’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy; Twitch’s TOS and Privacy Notice; Twitter’s TOS and Privacy Policy; YouTube TOS; and Zoom’s Terms of Services and Privacy Statement. To the extent that you connect with metaverse sites, you also agree to be bound by the terms of such platforms, including: Decentraland’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; Meta Supplemental Terms of Service and Privacy Policy; Minecraft Terms and Privacy Statement; and Roblox Terms of Use and Privacy and Cookie Policy.

Except for terms pertaining to IZEA’s rights or services, to the extent any terms herein conflict with negotiated agreements between two parties using the features made available on the Sites, the negotiated language controls.

We may collect information to include your name, company name, email address, mailing address, and other information you provide when engaging on our site or with our chat bot. These interactions are subject to our Privacy Notice. By carrying on a conversation with our chat bot, you consent to receiving communications from the bot and to the processing of your conversation via Hubspot in accordance with any terms of use or privacy notice that may apply in connection with that platform. Because our chat bot utilizes artificial intelligence to communicate with you, it may provide information that is an inaccurate response to your requests in its interactions with you. You agree that IZEA shall not be liable to you or any third party for the chat bot providing inaccurate information to you.
1.1. Definitions

In the Terms, (i) a “Buyer” means any person, entity, or authorized representative with permission to access Marketplace directly or on behalf of Buyer for the purpose of purchasing services in Marketplace, (ii) “Seller” means any authorized person or entity with an account on the Site that directly or indirectly offers services for sale in Marketplace. With regard to influencer marketing services, (iii) a “Listing” is a post made by a Seller to advertise its goods or services to a Buyer. In addition, a (iv) “Creator” means any person, entity or group that creates and distributes the original content or sponsored social content, and/or performs an action, including but not limited to content posted through their associated social networks (i.e. TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, blogs, etc.), requested via the Marketplace, and receives compensation for such content or action via the Marketplace; (v) a “Marketer” means any person or entity who participates in the Marketplace Services directly or by IZEA authorized personnel on behalf of Marketer for the purpose of creating Casting Calls to use the services of a Creator; and (vi) a “Casting Call” means a request by a Marketer for a Creator to pitch its services to create content, distribute sponsored social content, and/or perform an action through their social network or in person in exchange for compensation (i.e. cash, event access, free products, publicity, etc.), if selected by a Marketer.
2. Eligibility

You must be a Buyer, Seller, or an authorized representative of a Buyer or Seller to register to use Marketplace. To create an account, you must be over the age of eighteen (18) years old. Authorized agents may create accounts, with proof of authorization from the individual on whose behalf the account is created. IZEA reserves the right to vet any and all Buyers and Sellers before allowing them entrance into Marketplace, and to vet any listings, pitches, or casting calls before the same may be offered for sale to Buyers. Review of a user’s profile, account, Marketplace offerings, listings, or content does not create or transfer any liability to IZEA including, but not limited to, the accuracy of such content or the ownership rights to the same, or to the content services offered within Marketplace.

By registering for Marketplace, you are representing and warranting that (a) all information you may submit is truthful and accurate, and that you agree to maintain the accuracy of such information; and (b) if you are registering on behalf of a Buyer or Seller, that you have the authority to act on behalf of such Buyer or Seller and to bind such Buyer or Seller to the Creator MarketplaceⓇ Terms of Service and the terms of any agreement entered into in connection with the Marketplace. You understand and agree that IZEA will use the information you provide in accordance with the terms of the IZEA Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”), which is integrated into and included as part of these Terms. IZEA accounts are not transferable, assignable or resalable under any circumstances. Buyers and Sellers with accounts on the Site(s) who utilize Marketplace expressly agree to IZEA’s Privacy Notice. Buyers and Sellers are encouraged not to share any personally identifiable information with any other Marketplace user outside of entering into contracts for the purchase of services, and expressly agree that, to the extent of applicable law, IZEA takes no responsibility for any personally identifiable information they choose to send or otherwise upload through Marketplace. Each of Buyer and Seller agrees not to misuse information discovered through Marketplace to harass, bully, or SPAM those individuals who are users of Marketplace.

In order to make Marketplace a responsible and safe place, IZEA asks that all Buyers, Sellers, and other users acknowledge and agree to the following:

    Marketplace is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older. If you are under 18 you may not use Marketplace unless a parent or authorized agent does so on your behalf. By using Marketplace, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. You will not use a false identity or provide false or misleading information.

    Services that IZEA considers to be pornographic, sexually explicit, lewd, lascivious, violent, harassing, promoting illegal drug use, offensive, or otherwise unlawful or in violation of these Terms are not allowed to be posted and/or solicited, and removal of listings, casting calls, offerings and/or the offending account may follow.

    IZEA does not guarantee or warrant any service offered by a Seller or payment by a Buyer.

    Communications between parties outside of Marketplace are not IZEA’s responsibility and may not be used to circumvent these Terms of Service or misuse Marketplace for illegal or immoral purposes.

    All tangible information and file exchanges must be exclusively delivered through Marketplace, unless these Terms permit otherwise. Obtaining proof of all other performances or services not submitted through Marketplace is the Seller’s responsibility.

    Rude, abusive, offensive, improper language, or violent messages will not be tolerated and may result in an account warning or the suspension/removal of your account.

    Discrimination against another user based on gender, race, age, religious affiliation, sexual preference or otherwise is not acceptable and may result in the suspension/removal of your account.

    Frequent violation or infringement of proprietary rights or intellectual property rights may result in a termination of any listings or casting calls, your account access to Marketplace, and any other appropriate action IZEA may decide upon.

    Physical deliverables shall require the Buyer to provide the Seller a shipping address. IZEA does not guarantee shipping, tracking, quality, or condition of the items or their delivery. IZEA does not compensate Seller for any product(s) purchased to provide services.

    Users may not submit proposals or solicit parties introduced via Marketplace to contract, engage with, or pay for services outside of Marketplace.

In addition to the above list, IZEA can at any time disable an account, remove access, or reject any users of Marketplace or any proposed listing, pitches, or casting call, at any time and for any reason, in its sole discretion. This includes removal of accounts created to circumvent or abuse the Terms.
3. Fees and Payment

Marketplace is open to browse for listings (minimum value of $50 USD) and casting calls, but to enter into a Marketplace transaction you must be a registered user. Marketplace charges Sellers a service fee for listings purchased on the site.

The Creator Marketplace also allows for non-refundable membership subscriptions at various levels, at the fees advertised within Marketplace, for both Creators and Marketers.

If Buyer fails to make payment as set forth herein, Buyer will be responsible for all reasonable expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred by Seller or by IZEA in collecting such amounts. All prices are in United States dollars, unless otherwise indicated, and do not include taxes that may be assessed by any jurisdiction. If withholding taxes or any other fees are imposed by any jurisdiction on the transactions pursuant to these Terms, Buyer shall pay such taxes. Buyer agrees to promptly: (i) update all information to keep account and credit card billing current, complete and accurate (such as a change in billing address or e-mail), (ii) notify IZEA in writing if it becomes aware of a potential breach of security, such as the unauthorized disclosure or use of Buyer’s user name or password, and (iii) notify IZEA in writing if its credit card is canceled. Upon termination, suspension or discontinuation of Marketplace or any Site, all outstanding payment obligations incurred by Buyer in the platform will become immediately due and payable.
3.1. Dispute Policy

As IZEA is not a party to any agreements or contracts between Buyers and Sellers or to the services offered by users through Marketplace, IZEA has no formal role in any disputes between the parties. IZEA requests that the parties make a good faith attempt to amicably communicate with each other in order to resolve any such dispute. However, if the parties are unable to resolve a dispute after making an initial effort to do so, either party may provide any available proof and request that IZEA intervene by sending a request to support@izea.com or by using the automated dispute resolution process within Marketplace. Once involved, IZEA’s decision shall be final in resolving the matter. Note that escalated disputes or a significant number of disputes may result in a negative impact on a user’s ranking in Marketplace, result in a termination of any active listings or casting calls, or result in a termination of an account.
3.1.1. Refund Policy

Any refund requests shall be made directly to the Seller, as IZEA is not a party to any contracts or agreements regarding services offered by Sellers through Marketplace. If the parties cannot resolve the dispute amicably, a request may be made by a party to involve IZEA in the dispute, and IZEA may award no refund, a credit, or a full refund, in its sole discretion. Refunds shall be issued to Buyer’s valid credit card associated with the account.
3.1.2. Cancellation Policy & Rejection of Services

Rejection of an Order

A Marketplace deal may be voided or an offer rejected in the following circumstances: (i) Seller fails to respond to Buyer’s request to purchase a deal within a reasonable time period (i.e., within seventy-two (72) hours barring exigent circumstances), (ii) Seller actively declines the order, or (iii) Buyer submits an order request then fails to respond to Seller’s communications within a reasonable time period (i.e., within seventy-two (72) hours barring exigent circumstances).

Cancellation After Making a Deal

A Marketplace deal can be cancelled after Seller accepts an order in the event that (i) The agreed-upon delivery deadline has expired OR one party fails to respond to the other for a period of seven (7) days following the last message received, and a party does not agree to extend the time period for performance, such as a circumstance in which Seller fails to deliver services (including revisions), Seller receives product from Buyer but becomes unresponsive, or Seller does not respond to Buyer in the time period indicated above; (ii) Seller exceeds the allotted number of revisions without delivering a satisfactory product; (iii) Buyer does not respond to Seller for a period of seven (7) days following the last message received (a) to permit Seller to perform within the agreed-upon deadline for delivery of services, or (b) after Seller delivers content or services to Buyer and Buyer does not request revisions; or (iv) Buyer does not respond to Seller for a period of seven (7) days following the last message received after (a) Seller receives product from Buyer to be incorporated in delivering the services and the agreed-upon deadline has expired; or (b) Seller purchases product to be incorporated in delivering the services and the agreed-upon deadline has expired, during which time Seller may either complete the content and demand payment or cancel the order.

Rejection of Services Delivered

Rejecting delivery of the services or content, for whatever reason, is subject to the Seller’s terms for that listing or deal, and in accordance with the number of content revisions permitted by Seller in the listing or deal. Final rejection of the services after delivery and all revisions have been made, must be coordinated through an IZEA representative using the dispute resolution process. Unless a dispute has been initiated, failure on the part of the Buyer to expressly “accept” the services in a reasonable period of time following delivery will trigger an administrative review and a reminder to Buyer to take action. If, within seven (7) calendar days, Buyer has not taken an action, an administrator may intervene, and following review, all or a portion of the payment may be released to the Seller. Buyer may not make any use of the rejected or cancelled services or content provided.

Return of Materials Received

Should the Buyer reject services or content, or terminate a deal, Seller agrees to return all materials received from Buyer, at Seller’s own shipping cost. If Seller has already received payment then, in lieu of returning the items, Seller shall receive a reduction in payment for services rendered equal to the value of the non-returned items. In no event shall IZEA be responsible for obtaining, shipping, or reimbursing Buyer for materials sent to Seller.

Removal of Content

A Buyer may request that a Seller modify or remove any content posted about Buyer’s products or services, and to cease use of any content incorporating Buyer’s intellectual property, materials, or products, whether or not the same has been published. Should Seller be asked to reasonably modify or to remove posted content, Seller must do so within twenty-four (24) hours of receiving such instruction. Failure to do so may result in a loss of compensation (including a clawback of monies already paid) and other remedies, up to and including removal from Marketplace and any related IZEA Sites, and termination for cause of any related contracts.
3.2. Credit Card Charges

In addition to any subscription fees processed via credit card, other charges incurred in the platform shall be paid via credit card. Buyer will be responsible for charges resulting from the use of a Seller’s services. If Buyer’s account does not have a sufficient credit balance available to complete a transaction, Buyer’s credit card will be charged when the services are ordered. Buyer authorizes IZEA to charge Buyer’s credit card, as provided by the Buyer, to purchase a Seller’s services or pay for any agreed upon fees. Any approved rejection of services (whether agreed to by Seller or finally determined by IZEA) will be handled as a refund to Buyer’s credit card, per the terms of the listing or deal. Payment to Seller will be held as “pending” and the amounts shall not be available for withdrawal until forty-five (45) days after the delivered services are accepted in fulfillment of a deal or listing (or thirty (30) days for “Pro” level subscribers). Any attempt to dispute a valid transaction or reverse payment through your credit card provider is a violation of these Terms and may result in your account being temporarily suspended or permanently removed. Buyer represents and warrants that it has the legal right to use any credit card utilized in connection with Marketplace. By submitting such information, Buyer grants IZEA the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of transactions initiated by the Buyer. If the credit card provided was not authorized, then all amounts in the Buyer’s account will immediately be forfeited. If there is no balance in Buyer’s account to cover the fraudulent charge or failure to make payment when due, Buyer shall remain responsible for rendering such payment in a different manner. Buyer’s non-termination or continued use of Marketplace reaffirms that IZEA is authorized to charge Buyer’s credit card.

IZEA utilizes a third party payment processor for all credit card payments made on its Sites, and relies on such party to resolve any payment conflicts. Should Seller be unable to obtain payment from a Buyer, whether due to an unfounded dispute or chargeback, or due to Buyer’s use of a fraudulent method of payment, Seller should pursue recovery against Buyer directly and IZEA shall not be liable for any payments due or owed to the Seller.

IZEA reserves the right to modify, suspend, or terminate the required method of payment for use of Marketplace at any time. If IZEA modifies the terms of the method of payment as outlined in this Section 3.2, Buyers and Sellers will be contacted by IZEA or the modifications will be reflected in an updated version of these Terms. If a user does not consent to such modified Terms, such user must immediately discontinue using Marketplace. A user’s continued enrollment after any modifications constitutes its acceptance of the terms and method of payment as modified.
4. Confidentiality

“Confidential Information” means any information disclosed by a disclosing party (e.g. IZEA, Buyer, Seller) to a receiving party (e.g. Seller, Buyer, IZEA) either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or by inspection of tangible objects, other than information that you can establish: (i) was publicly known and made generally available in the public domain prior to the time of disclosure to the receiving party; (ii) becomes publicly known and made generally available after disclosure to the receiving party other than through the receiving party’s action or inaction; or (iii) is in receiving party’s possession, without confidentiality restrictions, prior to the time of disclosure by the disclosing party as shown by receiving party’s files and records. Receiving party shall not at any time (i) disclose, sell, license, transfer or otherwise make available to any person or entity any Confidential Information (except to those individuals who have a legitimate need to know such information and are bound in writing by confidentiality and non-use restrictions not less protective than those contained herein), or (ii) use, reproduce or copy any Confidential Information, except as necessary in connection with the purpose for which such Confidential Information is disclosed to the receiving party and in accordance with the Terms. Receiving party agrees to take all measures to protect the secrecy, and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of the Confidential Information. Receiving party may disclose Confidential Information if required by law to disclose the Confidential Information, provided that receiving party gives the disclosing party prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and assistance in obtaining an order protecting the information from public disclosure, and provided further that any such disclosure is limited to the minimum extent necessary to comply with the legal requirement. All Confidential Information shall remain the disclosing party’s personal property and all documents, electronic media and other tangible items containing or relating to any Confidential Information shall be delivered to the disclosing party immediately upon its request, and also, upon termination of the Terms.

Nothing contained in the Terms will prevent IZEA, its parent and/or affiliates from complying with privacy laws and regulations, and if there is any conflict between the Terms and the terms of the applicable Privacy Notice, the Privacy Notice shall control.

Sellers acknowledge and agree that, as part of any service or content development they are contracted for, they have an obligation to keep confidential any and all materials provided to them by Buyers. This obligation survives the end, cancellation, or termination of any agreements between the parties.
5. Ownership & License Rights
5.1 Subscription License

Creators and Marketers may choose “Pro” level software license subscriptions to The Creator Marketplace, at the fees advertised plus applicable taxes, which are non-refundable. IZEA hereby grants each subscriber in countries where access is made available a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use The Creator Marketplace in accordance with any instructions provided by IZEA and in accordance with all applicable laws. Upon any termination by IZEA due to user’s breach or upon the expiration of the term of a subscription license due to non-renewal, subscriber shall have no further rights to access the Marketplace. However, the subscriber remains obligated to pay IZEA all amounts owed for the remaining subscription term as well as any pending or owed service fees and taxes, and any fees due for Marketplace services and transactions, as applicable.
5.2 Content License Rights & Ownership

Buyers and Sellers, when using Marketplace, can choose the following categories of owned or licensed content in connection with the services being purchased. Under no circumstance is any content or service to be used for any illegal, immoral, or defamatory purpose. No license is granted for rejected content or services. To the extent publicity rights are contemplated by the services provided, Seller grants a limited publicity rights license to Buyer to the extent required to make use of the content delivered, and solely in connection with such content, in accordance with the terms of the applicable license. No royalties shall be paid for any services or content delivered in Marketplace. Seller represents and warrants that it owns all copyright and has obtained all publicity releases and licenses required for Buyer to make use of the content as described below, and that such content shall be unique, original, and not repurposed.

a. Commercial – The services and content, following delivery, acceptance, and full payment, belong to the Buyer. Seller assigns the copyright in the content and grants to Buyer all rights and licenses to exploit the services. Buyer shall own the copyright in and to the services and may use, reproduce, have reproduced, edit for length or clarity, publish and exploit such services in its sole discretion, including, without limitation, licensing the services to any agent or third party, copying, distributing, displaying, publicly performing, and creating derivative works of the services. In addition, Buyer and Seller each specifically grants IZEA a worldwide, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, and fully sublicensable right and license to share, use, copy, process, adapt, translate, display, perform, reproduce, republish, and distribute the content or any portion thereof in any and all forms of media or distribution methods (now known or hereafter developed), including but not limited to television, radio, print, Internet site and other electronic communications, for purposes of promoting IZEA.

b. Personal – The services and content, upon delivery, acceptance, and full payment, are licensed to the Buyer but Seller retains copyright ownership. The Seller grants to Buyer and IZEA a worldwide, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, and fully sublicensable right and license (excluding commercial use) to share, use, copy, display, distribute, perform, publish, and reproduce the content in any and all forms of media or distribution methods (now known or hereafter developed), including but not limited to television, radio, print, Internet site and other electronic communications. The content may not be modified in any way from its original form without Seller’s permission. Any use, publication, or distribution of the content must be accompanied by credit to the Seller who created it, by use of the Seller’s name or social media handle (if made available by Seller, for published content) in connection with such content. No licenses for derivative works of the services or modified services are granted to Buyer.

c. Sponsored Social Content – Content is created by a Seller for Buyer’s marketing campaign and is submitted, posted, displayed, or shared to Seller’s followers through his or her personal social media platforms. Unless otherwise indicated in a Listing description, Deal, or Options, or unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the parties in a separate communication or writing, Content is owned by Seller, but IZEA and Buyer receive a worldwide, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free, and fully sublicensable right and license to share, use, copy, process, adapt, translate, display, perform, reproduce, republish, and distribute the content or any portion thereof in any and all forms of media or distribution methods (now known or hereafter developed), including but not limited to television, radio, print, Internet site and other electronic communications. Any use, publishing, or distribution of a Seller’s content must be accompanied by credit to the Seller of that content by use of the Seller’s name, likeness, image, username/handle or other identifying representation (to which Buyer and IZEA will receive a limited license). While Buyer has the right to reuse the Content outside of its native platform, as described above, FTC guidelines state that the connection between the Seller and Buyer (or brand) must be disclosed and the Content must be attributed to the Seller. The disclosure should also clearly and conspicuously communicate that the Seller is paid by or works with the Buyer (or brand).

d. Streaming / Temporal Limited Licenses – Seller creates content as requested by Buyer which only lives on a particular platform that may prohibit off-platform sharing or may limit the time period for which such content may remain live. Platforms may include Clubhouse, Instagram, Twitch, YouTube, and other photo/video sharing sites, social audio sites, and conferencing sites. Buyer receives a limited license to such content only for the period it is streaming, live, or otherwise made available on the particular platform. Buyer is encouraged to coordinate with Seller on the timing of publication for such content, or to otherwise obtain proof that content has been delivered per the terms mutually agreed upon by the parties.
5.3 Deal Features and Options

A Seller may offer a listing at different deal levels with various options or features available, at set prices. A Buyer may select certain options to customize the required services or content to be purchased in a deal. The Seller may request that the Buyer provide supplemental information or files as required to complete the services. If the Seller has placed time limitations on any of the licensed content or services provided, including usage limitations on third party content incorporated into the services or licensed content, Buyer must comply with the same, including ceasing the use, distribution, or advertising of the content, and the removal of such content from publication, display, or distribution after the expiration of such time period.
5.4 Third Party Content & Waivers

Seller represents and warrants that it has the rights to incorporate any and all third party intellectual property, including stock video or stock photo licensing, as well as any publicity waivers required for content (including images of third parties), and Buyer must comply with all usage terms as advised by Seller. By offering a service, the Seller undertakes that he/she has sufficient permissions, rights and/or licenses to provide, sell or resell the service that is offered on Marketplace. Failing to do so may result in removal or suspension of Seller’s account, among other measures available to IZEA.

IZEA does not check Seller uploaded or created content for appropriateness, violations of copyright, trademarks, other rights or violations. Buyers and Sellers agree that IZEA shall not be responsible for the content, quality, or the level of service provided by the Sellers. No warranty is provided by IZEA with respect to the services offered by Sellers, delivery of any services, and any communications between Buyers and Sellers. We encourage Buyers to carefully consider choosing appropriate services and Sellers.
5.5 Casting Calls

Participating Marketers create and list Casting Calls in the Marketplace, often as part of a larger marketing goal or campaign, which offer Creators the chance to receive compensation (i.e. cash, event access, free products, publicity, etc.) in exchange for creating and/or distributing sponsored social content and/or performing an action through their social network or in person. Creator must comply with the requirements set forth by the Marketer in connection with the Casting Call. Each Casting Call should contain a complete description of the requirements and the compensation to be paid by the Marketer. Creators shall disable other ads from running on the paid content of a Casting Call. Should Marketer accept a Creator to participate in a Casting Call, Marketer is solely responsible for the review and approval of Creator’s content, compliance with laws, and for the payment of any compensation to be received. IZEA is not liable if payments are not made by Marketer. Marketer retains responsibility for payment of any or all approved offers and content under review, which will become immediately due and payable, regardless of whether or not Marketer’s access to the Platform is terminated.

Creators participating in the Marketplace must clearly disclose in their sponsored content the relationship between themselves and the Marketers. FTC guidelines require that disclosure be made in a meaningful way that makes clear to an ordinary consumer that there is a relationship between the Creator and the Marketer. Creator agrees to comply with the Federal Trade Commission’s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising and Disclosures 101 for Social Media Influencers and to comply with all applicable local, state, federal and international laws and regulations in the preparation and delivery of Content. Marketer and Creator, not IZEA, shall be liable for any failure to comply with FTC guidelines. Any violations of the above terms by Creator may be cause for termination of any relevant contracts, casting calls, or listings involving Creator.

By responding to a Casting Call, Creator acknowledges that (i) it will follow the Casting Call’s parameters, instructions, and guidelines, (ii) it has the authority and ability to perform the requested service within the stated time period, as applicable, (iii) all submitted content will be in the English language or such other language as indicated in the requirements, (iv) all submitted content or action will be original (not repurposed) and does not infringe on any license, copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any third party, (v) all required releases and waivers will be timely executed and submitted, (vi) all ads will be disabled in paid social media posts, (vii) all submitted content or action is in compliance with the terms of necessary third party platforms, and (viii) all submitted content or action does not include or support excessive profanity, violence, racial intolerance, illegal drugs or drug paraphernalia, pornography or any other content that promotes intolerance, illegal activity or infringes on the legal rights of others.

Creator will receive payment for the completion of the casting call as agreed upon between the Marketer and the Creator. Creators, as part of any Casting Call they are contracted for, have an obligation to keep confidential any and all materials provided to them by Marketers. This obligation survives the end, cancellation, or termination of any agreements between Marketers and Creators.
6. AI Feature Terms of Service

By accessing any artificial intelligence (AI) features made available through IZEA’s Creator Marketplace, you agree to the following AI Feature Terms of Service (AI TOS), in addition to the applicable Terms of Service and Privacy Notice agreed to when creating an account on any of IZEA’s Sites. Notwithstanding any Terms of Service provisions to the contrary, no intellectual property rights are granted in any AI-generated output, which you use at your own risk and without any protection or indemnification offered by IZEA.
AI Credits

    You will receive a number of AI credits that may be used on this AI feature each month based on your current IZEA account tier. You acknowledge and accept that although the number of AI credits provided will refresh each month, any AI credits that you do not use in any given month will not rollover and will be lost upon each monthly renewal. You additionally acknowledge that any violation of these Terms may result in a suspension or termination by IZEA, in IZEA’s sole discretion, upon which you would forfeit any remaining AI credits.

D-ID

By accessing Talking Portraits you also agree that your usage is governed by the D-ID Products Terms of Use which include the following provisions:

User Submissions.

The Software may permit the submission and sharing of Input and other content by you and other users (collectively, “User Submissions“). Your User Submissions and/or Animations created by you and/or any Output may be made publicly available by you (e.g., on Third Party Sources). You understand that whether or not such User Submissions and/or Animations and/or Output are shared, we do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Submissions and/or Animations and/or Output. You shall be solely responsible for your User Submissions and Animations and/or any Output and the consequences of sharing them. We reserve the right without further notice to you, to monitor, censor, limit, edit, reject, delete, and/or remove any and all User Submissions submitted to the Software and/or Animations and/or Output at any time and for any reason (and as further described below), as well as the right to terminate Accounts of Software users who are violators of the terms of this Agreement.

Ownership and Responsibility. You represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary rights and permissions to use and authorize us to use all Intellectual Property Rights in and to your User Submissions, and to enable inclusion and use thereof as contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, you retain all of your ownership rights in your User Submissions, Output and/or Animations. For clarity, you bear all risk with respect to and shall be responsible for obtaining all necessary consents, rights and/or licenses (including paying any applicable royalties), if any, to use the User Submissions and/or Animations and/or any Output in the Software (including for the provision and modification of the relevant User Submissions and in connection with the development of Animations). D-ID shall not be liable for any claims of any kind (including copyright, publicity and/or privacy rights or breach of contract claims) made by any third party in connection with the use of User Submissions and/or Animations and/or any Output. It is hereby clarified that your use of the Animations and/or any Output shall be only for lawful purposes and is subject to all applicable terms and conditions applied by Third Party Sources used in the creation of such Animations and/or Output (if any). You shall be solely responsible for the security of your User Submissions. It is hereby clarified that (notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and to the extent applicable) Paying Users subscribed to the “Lite” Plan will be able to use the Software and/or Animations for non-commercial use only.

Prohibited Content. You agree that you will not send, display, post, submit, publish or transmit a User Submission and/or an Animation that: (i) you do not have or have not obtained the appropriate rights or consents to use; (ii) is unfair or deceptive under the consumer protection laws of any jurisdiction; (iii) is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights; (iv) creates a risk to a person’s safety or health, creates a risk to public safety or health, compromises national security, or interferes with an investigation by law enforcement or is otherwise harmful; (v) impersonates another person; (vi) promotes illegal drugs, violates export control laws, relates to illegal gambling, or illegal arms trafficking; (vii) is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, religiously, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability, violates any law or regulation, or is otherwise dishonest, inaccurate, inappropriate, malicious or fraudulent, including but not limited to fake news and/or spam; (viii) involves theft or terrorism; (ix) constitutes an unauthorized commercial communication and/or is political; (x) contains the contact information or any personally identifiable information of any third party unless you have first obtained the express consent of said third party to include their contact information or personally identifiable information; (xi) breaches this Agreement; (xii) provides medical advice and/or medical results interpretation; (xiii) is used for the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way; (xiv) generates or disseminates information for the purpose to be used for administration of justice, law enforcement, immigration or asylum processes; (xv) is used for fully automated decision making that adversely impacts an individual’s legal rights or otherwise creates or modifies a binding, enforceable obligation; (xvi) is used for discriminating against individuals or groups based on social behavior or known or predicted personal or personality characteristics; and/or (xvii) you do not wish to potentially become public or that is otherwise sensitive, e.g. because if constitutes an internal know-how. You are expected to follow our Ethical Code and Ethical Pledge https://www.d-id.com/ethics/ when providing any User Submission.
Microsoft Azure

By creating an account and accessing Talking Portraits you agree that your usage is governed by the Microsoft Azure Specific Service Terms which include the following provisions:

Customized Text-to-Speech (TTS) Services and use of Synthetic Voices

Permissions: Customer represents, warrants and certifies that (i) it has explicit written permission from the voice owner(s) contained within its audio files (“Voice Talent”) to use their personal data, including his/her voice likeness to create voice model(s) (“Synthetic Voice(s)”), (ii) Customer’s agreement(s) contemplate the duration of use of the Synthetic Voice and any content limitations and (iii) Customer has shared Microsoft’s disclosure guidance for voice talent (https://aka.ms/disclosure-voice-talent) with Voice Talent directly or through Voice Talent’s authorized representative that describes how synthetic voices are developed and operate in conjunction with text to speech services. Microsoft reserves the right to require Customer to provide audio files containing acknowledgements by Voice Talent(s). Customer acknowledges and agrees that Microsoft may use this to perform speaker verification against Customer’s audio training files; however, Microsoft’s retention of audio files does not create or imply an obligation that Microsoft will perform speaker verification.

Permitted uses: In addition to compliance with the Acceptable Use Policy, the code of conduct (available at https://aka.ms/custom-neural-code-of-conduct) sets the minimum requirements that all TTS implementations must adhere to in good faith. Customer shall have the exclusive right to use the Synthetic Voice(s)s created by Customer and made available through use of the Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in the DPA, Customer acknowledges and agrees that Microsoft may retain a copy of each Synthetic Voice created by Customer and may, but is not obligated to, use the Synthetic Voice(s) to investigate and respond to any alleged violations of the service terms. Customer agrees and grants Microsoft a limited nonexclusive irrevocable worldwide license to retain acknowledgment audio voice consent file(s)s and a copy of the Synthetic Voice(s) for the limited purposes above. Customer is required to secure and maintain all rights necessary for Microsoft to retain and use the acknowledgment audio files and Synthetic Voice(s) as described in this section without violating the rights of Voice Talent(s) or any other third party or otherwise obligating Microsoft to Customer, Voice Talent or any other third party. This paragraph will survive termination or expiration of Customer’s agreement.

Microsoft Translator Attribution

When displaying automatic translations performed by Microsoft Translator, Customer will provide reasonably prominent notice that the text has been automatically translated by Microsoft Translator.

ElevenLabs

By creating an account and accessing Text to Speech or Speech to Speech features on the Site(s) you agree that your usage is governed by the ElevenLabs Terms of Service which include the following provisions:

Content on the Voice Library

The Voice Library makes available content generated by ElevenLabs and other ElevenLabs users.

You can access and reuse content made available on the Voice Library under the terms of our license described below (the “Voice Library License”).

Our Voice Library License allows you to access and reuse any content available on the Voice Library for any purposes, including personal and commercial use.

Our Voice Library License is:

    worldwide, which means it’s valid anywhere in the world
    non-exclusive, which means you can license Your Content to others
    royalty-free, which means there are no monetary fees for this license
    non-transferable, which means that you cannot sell, lease, or sublicense content made available through the Voice Library.
    revocable, which means ElevenLabs reserves the right to withdraw this license at any time and for any reason.

ElevenLabs reserves all rights not expressly granted in this license. Crediting or attributing materials made available through our Voice Library to one of our account users does not mean or suggest the materials or the underlying voice synthesis capability are owned by the account user at hand. The ownership of rights in the materials made available through our Voice Library is governed by our Terms of Service.

This license is also contingent on your compliance with our Terms of Service.

This license does not grant you the right to use content for any purpose listed in the ‘prohibited activities’ section of these Terms, or to infringe on the rights of any third party, including and without limitation to any intellectual property or privacy rights.

To opt out of Your Content being used by us to improve our Services and models, fill in this online form. Your Content will be removed from the materials we use to improve our Services and models from the date your request will have been processed by our team. Your opt out request applies on a going-forward basis. This means that we will not use Your Content to improve our Services or models from the date we process your request, but this does not affect any uses of (or materials resulting from uses of) Your Content prior to that date.

Necessary consents and legal authorizations

By uploading any of Your Content to our Services, you confirm that you are either the owner of Your Content or that you have the necessary rights and permissions to upload and use (and to enable us to receive and use) Your Content as contemplated by these Terms of Service. For example, if you upload somebody’s voice recording to our Services, you represent and warrant that you have permission from the voice owner to clone and synthesize their voice. Only you are responsible for securing these rights and permissions.

We ask that the content generated using our Services by users subscribed to free plans and by non-signed-up users be attributed to ElevenLabs when published outside of our platform by including [elevenlabs.io] or [11.ai] in the description.

OpenAI and StabilityAI

You acknowledge and agree that by accessing the Marketplace (including features within FormAI) your usage is governed by the OpenAI and Stable Diffusion Art’s Terms of Service.

Summary of Usage Terms

    IZEA claims no rights or license on the outputs you generate, you are free to use them and are accountable for their use which must not go against the provisions set in the licenses or terms of use referenced above or in the Additional Details section below.
    You can’t use the model to deliberately produce or share illegal or harmful outputs or content.
    You may not represent that the output was human-generated.
    You acknowledge that the output of AI features is only meant to serve as inspiration for the creation of other works, and that it will be created based on user generated data, which may be subjective or inaccurate. Therefore, IZEA cannot and does not guarantee that the output will be accurate or free of any offensive or harmful content, and you agree that IZEA shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages in connection with any claims arising from your creation or use of such output.
    Public Images. You acknowledge and agree that if you are using IZEA’s free access version of the AI feature, any information and/or data that you provide into IZEA’s AI prompt for the creation of an image and the resulting output shall be made available to the general public and that IZEA shall be permitted to use, display, and/or transmit your input and the output to third parties. If you use the Marketer Pro, Creator Pro, Creator AI, or Creator AI+ tier versions of IZEA’s Marketplace AI feature, you will be granted the ability to change your settings, so both the information and/or data you enter into IZEA’s AI prompt for images and the output shall remain private and only be accessible to you, any others you provide access to your account (if applicable), and IZEA.
    Recommendation Against Providing any Non-Public Information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you acknowledge and agree that any information and/or data that you provide into IZEA’s AI prompt may be stored by OpenAI, and/or Stable Diffusion Art’s and used to train their applicable AI models, which may result in the exposure of such information and/or data to other users of these AI models as a component of their output. IZEA strongly recommends against providing or entering any confidential information, you company’s development strategies, trade secrets, intellectual property, etc into IZEA’s AI prompts, and you acknowledge and agree that IZEA shall be held harmless for any use or disclosure of any such information, including confidential information, that is entered into IZEA’s AI prompt or that is included or incorporated into any output created as a result, unless such disclosure is a result of IZEA’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.

Additional Details

    You acknowledge and agree that you will not use or input any prompt(s) that infringe any intellectual property rights or any other proprietary rights of another party, and that you shall not use or upload any prompt(s) prohibited by law, contract, or fiduciary relationship.
    You agree you will NOT use the outputs produced:
    In any way that violates any applicable national, federal, state, local or international law or regulation;
    For the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way;
    To generate or disseminate verifiably false information and/or content with the purpose of harming others;
    To generate or disseminate personal identifiable information that can be used to harm an individual;
    To defame, disparage or otherwise harass others; or to violate the privacy, publicity, or other rights of a third party;
    To produce or share illegal, obscene, harassing, harmful, or offensive outputs or content;
    For any use intended to or which has the effect of discriminating against or harming individuals or groups based on online or offline social behavior or known or predicted personal or personality characteristics;
    To exploit any of the vulnerabilities of a specific group of persons based on their age, social, physical or mental characteristics, in order to materially distort the behavior of a person pertaining to that group in a manner that causes or is likely to cause that person or another person physical or psychological harm;
    For any use intended to or which has the effect of discriminating against individuals or groups based on legally protected characteristics or categories;
    To provide medical advice and medical results interpretation;
    To generate or disseminate information for the purpose to be used for administration of justice, law enforcement, immigration or asylum processes, such as predicting an individual will commit fraud/crime commitment (e.g. by text profiling, drawing causal relationships between assertions made in documents, indiscriminate and arbitrarily-targeted use).

The Marketplace makes use of third-party software, including variations of open source software. IZEA Worldwide, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“IZEA”) provide no representation or warranty with regard to the services, the availability of the services, the right or permission to use the prompt terms or output generated by these third-party tools, nor offer any indemnification against any intellectual property rights claims arising from usage. IZEA may restrict or terminate access to this feature or any account, at any time, for any reason. IZEA may institute rate limiting or usage restrictions in the future.
7. Acceptable Use of Marketplace

Outside of an API provided by IZEA (if available), any attempt to access Marketplace without authorization or by using another party’s account, utilize automated programs, bots, screen scraping, database calls, human initiated data collection or any other means of gathering data, content or other information for the purpose of reverse engineering any of our platforms or Sites for commercial gain is strictly prohibited. Any manipulation of data, including click data, impressions, or any other relevant data or metric reported in Marketplace, is strictly prohibited. Any such unauthorized attempt will be prosecuted to the fullest extent under the law, and each action is grounds for termination of a Buyer or Seller’s account in Marketplace.
7.1 Cancellation of an Account

There is no requirement to purchase a membership subscription, purchase or offer a listing, or offer a casting call, in order to maintain an active account. A Buyer or Seller may delete its own account at any time or, if assistance is required, may also request that IZEA terminate their access to Marketplace at any time by sending an email to support@izea.com. Buyers or Sellers who cancel their accounts should review their existing contracts or agreements with other Buyers or Sellers. Should Buyer cancel its account while there are still active listings that have not been completed as of the date of cancellation, all such amounts shall continue to be due and owing by the Buyer to the Seller. Should Seller cancel its account while there are active listings which are incomplete or undelivered as of the date of cancellation, such amounts shall not be charged to the Buyer or owed to the Seller.
8. Provision of Services

IZEA is constantly innovating and changing its online offerings in order to provide the best possible experience for its users. Buyers and Sellers acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the services which IZEA offers may change from time to time without prior notice to you. Buyers and Sellers acknowledge and agree that IZEA may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing Marketplace (or any features or functionality of Marketplace) at IZEA’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. IZEA may terminate these Terms and/or Buyers and Sellers’ accounts with Marketplace at any time, for any reason or for no reason, and IZEA shall not have any liability regarding such decisions. Sections 3 through 17 of these Terms shall survive any termination of these Terms. In addition, IZEA has the ability to (i) modify user, account, or organization permissions at any level to add or remove users, or make any other changes as otherwise deemed reasonably necessary in the provision of services; and (ii) assume a user’s account for the purposes of troubleshooting and resolving issues.
8.1 Managed Services

Marketers may request to have IZEA manage part or all of its advertising Campaign for a fee as agreed upon through a separate managed service agreement. Interested parties should contact IZEA directly.
9. Independent Contractors

These Terms do not establish any agency, joint venture or partnership relationship between the IZEA and either a Buyer or Seller, and neither Buyers nor Sellers can bind IZEA by any contract or representation. Nothing in these Terms shall be construed as creating an employer-employee partnership or joint venture relationship between IZEA and either a Buyer or Seller.
10. Representations and Warranties

Buyers and Sellers utilizing Marketplace represent, warrant and covenant that (i) you have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement, (ii) your use of Marketplace is solely for lawful purposes and shall be within the bounds of the terms negotiated with a Seller; (iii) you will not engage or cause others to engage in any form of spamming or, as determined by IZEA, improper or malicious clicking, impressions, or marketing activities through Marketplace; (iv) you will comply with all applicable laws including complying with privacy laws and the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, and that you will not collect information derived through Marketplace and use it to impermissibly market to or spam other Marketplace users whether on or off platform; and (v) you have the necessary rights to provide, offer, or review all information provided to Marketplace (including all personally identifiable information, intellectual property, content, data, claims, statements, products and services, titles, URLs and descriptions) for use as described in these Terms (the “Information”). Sellers utilizing Marketplace represent, warrant and covenant that all services will be delivered in accordance with the terms negotiated with Buyers, and that the services they offer do not and will not: (a) violate any law, statute, ordinance, treaty or regulation or IZEA policy or guideline; (b) infringe any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, or other intellectual property right of any third party; and (c) breach any duty toward or rights of any person or entity including rights of publicity or privacy, and have not otherwise resulted in or are not likely to result in any fraud, product liability, tort, breach of contract, injury, damage or harm of any kind to any person or entity. Other than as indicated herein, Seller explicitly excludes any express or implied warranty in connection with the provision of the content or services, including fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, and accuracy.

Additionally, Sellers agree that all services they offer will (i) not be false, misrepresentative, deceptive or misleading; (ii) not be defamatory, libelous, slanderous, obscene or threatening; (iii) not target children under the age of thirteen (13), (iv) be free of viruses, Trojan horses, trap doors, back doors, Easter eggs, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that may potentially damage, interfere with, intercept, or expropriate any system data or personal information. Sellers have no expectation of privacy in any content or service delivered in connection with a Marketplace listing or casting call.
