 Workable terms of use

This document sets out the Terms and Conditions ("Terms") on which Workable Software Limited (Company No. 08125469) of 5 Golden Square, 5th Floor, London, W1F 9BS ("Workable") provides customers with access to recruitment and human resources management services through the www.workable.com website ("Website"), including any mobile applications.

Please read these Terms very carefully before using the Website and the Services. You acknowledge and agree that by clicking on "I accept", or by executing an Order Form ("Workable Quote") with Workable that references these Terms on behalf of a nominated company or organisation (the "Customer"), you agree that the company or organisation will be bound by these terms as a Customer. You warrant and represent that you have full capacity and authority to enter into these Terms on behalf of the Customer company or organisation.

You may decide to use additional services, which might have additional terms that apply to your use of those services (“Additional Terms”). The Additional Terms form part of the Contract. In the event that Additional Terms directly conflict with any of these Terms, the Additional Terms will apply to your use of the services.

If you do not accept these Terms, you will not be able to use the Website and the Services. You are advised to print and retain a copy of these Terms for future reference. These Terms may be subject to change from time to time and accordingly you are advised to refer back to these Terms from time to time and before making use of the Website and Services.

    The Website & the Services
        The Website is owned and managed by Workable Technology Limited (Company No. 08789789) a company incorporated in England and Wales and whose registered office address is 5 Golden Square, 5th Floor, London, W1F 9BS. Workable Technology Limited is the parent company of Workable Software Limited. There are provisions in place allowing Workable Software Limited to license the Services to Customers.
        In consideration for the payment of the Fees, Workable shall provide the Customer with the Services as described on the Website, which allow the Customer to browse, screen, track and collaboratively manage its hiring process, as well as to be used for employee onboarding and management ("Services") and provide the facility of storing the Customer’s recruitment and employment data ("Storage Service"). The Services typically include the following:
            the facility to add accounts for "Collaborators", meaning the Customer’s employees ("Employee") and nominated representatives on their hiring team, by nominating such individuals to create individual user accounts which permit them to access and use the Services on behalf of the Customer;
            the facility to create "Openings", meaning descriptions of an employment or contractor role or position that the Customer is seeking to fill (note the ability of the Customer to do this may be limited to a set number of Openings in accordance with the corresponding Fees subscription selected by the Customer, as described on the Website);
            the facility to upload "Customer Information", meaning information about the Customer’s organisation or any Opening;
            the ability to publish and export Openings to various job boards and social media services where they can be displayed to potential "Candidates", meaning persons seeking employment on a contract or permanent basis who register with Workable;
            the ability to view the "Profile" of a Candidate who applies for an Opening with the Customer, which means the information submitted by a Candidate through the Services which may include a summary of the Candidate’s academic background, work experience, technical or product skills and employment history; or of an Employee, which may include without limitation an Employee’s contact details, role within the organisation etc.
            a comparison tool to compare Candidates for a specific Opening, and the facilitation and management of communications between the Customer and its Collaborators, and any Candidate, with respect to an Opening;
            the ability to use a search tool allowing Customers or Collaborators to search for prospective Candidates by skills and qualifications, regardless of whether that prospective Candidate has applied for an Opening (“People Search Service”) or match prospective Candidates, regardless of whether the Candidate has applied to a job opening, with a specific Opening for which the Candidate could be a good fit (“AI Recruiter”). Where the Customer uses the People Search Service and/or the AI Recruiter, the Customer hereby instructs Workable to search for such Candidates within publicly available or opt-in databases that match to:
                the frequency of inclusion in prospective Candidate’s profile of the keywords selected by the Customer, or typical in relation to the role for which the Candidate has applied;
                the fields inside the prospective Candidate’s profile, where the keywords are located: headline, summary, skills, work experience (company name, summary, title), education (degree classification, field of study, degree, school name), location (locality, administrative level, country);
                the completeness of the Candidate’s profile in terms of name, location, social profiles, work experience, education, skills, emails or images; and
                whether the filters applied by the Customer e.g. location, company name and university name match the Candidate’s profile.
            the ability to request certain implementation services from Workable to allow a Customer or Collaborator the ability to access and use the Website and Services on their systems, including through the use of a Workable API (“Implementation Services”). Such Implementation Services will incur charges in addition to the Fees, such additional charges will be as agreed between Workable and Customer and will be invoiced to the Customer and payable on or before commencement of applicable services;
            the ability to use Workable’s human resources management services (“Workable HR”). The Workable HR includes activities for the onboarding and management of Customer’s employees (including without limitation the option of creating employee profiles, storing employee documents, providing an organizational chart, among other features).
            If you use only the Workable HR, then the Workable HR Terms of Use will be applicable to you.
            the ability to use the Workable Free Tools For Managers, in which case Customer agrees with the Workable Free Tools Terms found here;
            the ability to use the Texting Feature, in which case Customer agrees to abide by the Workable Texting Acceptable Use Policy;
            the ability to participate in Beta or early access programs, in which case the Workable Beta Agreement, incorporated here by reference is applicable; and
            the ability to use Artificial Intelligence-enabled features, in which case the Workable AI addendum, incorporated herein by reference, shall be applicable;
            any other features and functionalities provided by Workable to the Customer from time to time;
        For the avoidance of doubt, Workable’s obligations shall be limited only to the provision of the Services and do not in any way include acting on the Customer’s behalf. Nothing in these Terms is intended to, or shall be deemed to, establish any partnership or joint venture between the Customer and Workable, appoint either party as the agent of the other, nor authorise either party to make or enter into any commitments for or on behalf of the other party.
        Workable may from time to time add, modify, suspend or cease (temporarily or permanently) the provision of any element of the Services upon notice to the Customer.
        Workable agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available on a seven (7) day per week, twenty four (24) hour per day basis excluding (a) scheduled maintenance time, (b) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Workable's reasonable control and (c) any suspensions permitted under these Terms. In the event of a planned service downtime in respect of the Services, Workable shall use reasonable efforts to notify the Customer thereof at least 24 hours in advance (which notice may be provided electronically, including via the Services).
        Access to the Website and the Services may be granted to the Customer on a trial or ‘free’ basis ("Trial") for a period of up to 15 days. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that during the Trial the following specific terms shall apply in addition to all other Terms:
            access to the Services during the Trial will be provided at no cost to the Customer;
            such access is solely for the purpose of offering the Customer a preview demonstration of the functionality and features of the Services;
            the functionality of the Services during a trial may be limited or restricted; Any Services provided by Workable during a Trial shall be considered “as- is” and Workable has no liability of any type, nor any indemnification obligations, for any harm or damage arising out of or in connection with any Free Services.
            Workable may withdraw or suspend the Customer’s access to the Services at any time during the Trial, and at the completion of the Trial continued access to the Website and/or Services will be subject to payment of Fees or charges.
            Customer shall be fully liable under those terms to Workable for any harm or damages arising from the use of the Services during a Trial by Customer.
    Registration & collaborators
        In order to use the Services, the Customer shall first be required to register with Workable by completing the online registration form on the Website.
        Workable shall send the Customer a confirmation email ("Confirmation Email") once it has accepted and confirmed the Customer’s registration. The Customer’s contract to use the Services on these Terms ("Contract") commences on the date specified in the Workable Quote or when the Customer has accepted these Terms online ("Effective Date”).
        Workable reserves the right to
            Conduct verification and security procedures in respect of all information provided by the Customer to Workable. If Workable has reason to believe that the information provided by the Customer to register and use any of the Services, including the Customer’s employee count, is inaccurate, breaches or is likely to breach any of the provision in these Terms, Workable at its sole discretion may take any action that it deems appropriate including without limitation, to terminate the Customer’s Contract.
            Assess the total Customer employee count (“FTE”). If Workable determines, the actual FTE is in excess to the number provided by Customer when registering to use the Services, (“FTE Excess”) Workable will notify the Customer accordingly in regard to the correct FTE and at Workable’s sole discretion: i) upgrade Customer to a new subscription plan which will go into effect into the next renewal or the next monthly subscription billing cycle, as applicable, ii) charge the Customer on the next renewal or the next monthly subscription billing cycle in accordance with the new subscription plan, iii) suspend or terminate Customer’s Contract. The continued use of the Services by Customer after the changes have been made, will constitute Customer’s acceptance of these changes. If the Customer does not agree to any such price changes, then the sole remedy is to cancel the subscription and stop using the Service. For clarity this section applies only to Customers that have not signed a Workable Quote (“Self Service Customers”).
        These Terms shall apply to any and all Collaborators who access and use the Website and the Customer Services through the Customer’s account. The Customer acknowledges and agrees:
            all Collaborators must use the corporate email address allocated to them by the Customer when creating a Collaborator profile;
            Workable may allocate the Customer "Admin" or "Member" accounts with varying levels of access, and the Customer shall comply (and ensure each Collaborator complies) with any directions of Workable relating to the establishment and use of such Collaborator accounts;
            only one person may log-on to the Website and/or access the Services using any one Collaborator account at any one time; and
            the Customer is directly liable to Workable at all times for the acts or omissions of its Collaborators.
        The Customer shall, and shall ensure its Collaborators, keep any Customer and Collaborator usernames and passwords ("Logins") safe and secure to ensure that they are not used without the Customer’s permission. The Customer must immediately notify Workable if it has reason to believe that there has been unauthorised use or access to the Customer’s Logins and/or the Customer’s profile on the Website. The Customer shall be solely responsible and liable for any breaches of these Terms arising out of or resulting from use of the Customer’s Logins to access the Services and/or the Website, whether such use is authorised by the Customer or not.
        At any time upon notice to the Customer, Workable may require the Customer to execute any further documents to confirm the Customer’s acceptance of, or give full effect to, these Terms.
    Customer obligations
        The Customer:
            shall, and shall ensure that its Collaborators also, at all times use the Services and the Website in accordance with these Terms.
            if it is a U.S. Customer, shall not (and shall ensure that its Collaborators do not) upload, provide or submit to Workable any patient, medical or other protected health information regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) or any similar foreign, U.S. federal or state laws, rules or regulations; Workable shall have no liability to Customer, its Collaborators or any other party under this Agreement for the foregoing.
        The Customer shall ensure that its use of the Services and/or the Website, including the submission of any information, data, images, videos, audio, files, links to external websites, communication between Collaborators and with Candidates, and all other material of any format ("Submissions"):
            comply with all applicable laws and legislations, including, but not limited to, the US Fair Credit Reporting Act 1971 (15 U.S.C. § 1681 et seq), or any other consumer protection and anti-spam laws and regulations applicable in Customer’s jurisdiction.
            do not infringe any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of any third party;
            not reasonably be deemed to:
                be offensive, illegal, inappropriate or in any way:
                    promote racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
                    harass or advocate harassment of another person;
                    display pornographic or sexually explicit material;
                    promote any conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libellous;
                    promote any illegal activities;
                    provide instructional information about illegal activities, including violating someone else’s privacy;
                    create computer viruses or implement any form of software or scripts onto the Website that have the appearance of coming from a user or candidate (for the avoidance of doubt, this shall not apply to API use);
                    promote or contain information that you know or believe to be inaccurate, false or misleading;
                    engage in the promotion of contests, sweepstakes and pyramid schemes, without our prior written consent;
                    exploit people in a sexual or violent manner; or
                    invade or violate any third party’s right to privacy;
                register the same Customer more than once for the purpose of circumventing Customer limitations which have been created by the Website such as the number of Openings the Customer is permitted to create;
                publish Openings that do not correspond to actual unfulfilled full time/part-time/hourly employment/contract positions;
                publish Openings for multi-level marketing positions, pyramid schemes or self-employed opportunities;
                publish Openings with the aim of harvesting Candidates for any reason other than legitimate employment;
                publish Openings that direct Candidates to apply through means that are not supported by Workable and the Website;
                publish Openings on behalf of a company without their knowledge and consent;
                request payments from Candidates; and
                transmit "junk mail", or "chain letters", or unsolicited mass mailing, messaging or "spamming"; and the Customer hereby indemnifies Workable for all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs) suffered or incurred by Workable which arise directly or indirectly from a breach by the Customer of this clause 3.2.
        Unless otherwise explicitly stated by Workable, Workable does not vet, verify the accuracy, correctness and completeness of, edit or modify any Submissions or any other information, data and materials created, used, stored in the platform including in the Workable HR (if the Customer utilises this service) and/or published by the Customer on the Website to determine whether they may result in any liability to any third party. The Customer hereby warrants that the Customer has the right to use, collect and store any and all such information and material.
        Subject to clause 3.3, Workable may enhance the Profile by using data related to the Candidate, obtained from third parties. Such additional information may include links to any social media websites used by Workable in enhancing the Profile. In such circumstances, Workable does not vet, verify the accuracy, correctness and completeness of such data used to enhance the Profile and no guarantee is given that any enhancements to the Profile will be error free or ultimately achieve any enhancement to the Profile and it is the responsibility of the Customer to verify the accuracy of such information before making any hiring decisions.
        Notwithstanding clause 3.3, Workable reserves the right to refuse to publish any Submissions, or to at any time remove or edit a Submission (in whole or in part), if Workable has reason to believe that the Customer’s use of the Services and/or the Website breaches these Terms.
        The Customer shall not:
            at any time use the Services and/or the Website with the purpose of impersonating another user or person;
            use the information made available to the Customer through its use of the Services and/or the Website for any purpose other than in connection with the recruitment of staff;
            except in respect of the People Search Services, use the Website or Services to contact any Candidate or other person who has not either applied for an Opening or been identified by the Customer through other means; and
            do anything whatsoever which shall or is likely to impair, interfere with, damage, or cause harm or distress to any person or all or any part of any computer, computer network, telecommunications service or infrastructure.
        Workable takes breaches of the Terms, and in particular, this clause 3, very seriously and therefore reserves the right to take any action that Workable deems necessary. This can include, without limitation, suspension or termination of the Customer’s use of the Services and/or access to the Website. In certain circumstances Workable may choose to instigate legal proceedings as appropriate if there is any illegal use of the Services and/or the Website, or disclose information to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded onto the Website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or of their right to privacy or if the material is posted without that third party’s prior consent. The Customer shall promptly notify Workable if it is aware of any or any suspected breaches of this clause 3 by its Collaborators.
    Customer interaction with candidates
        The Customer shall ensure that any Opening it publishes through the Website contains the sufficient information to allow a Candidate to make an informed decision as to applying for the role in question.
        The Customer warrants and represents that the information provided pursuant to clause 4.1 and in respect of the Customer Information shall be correct, complete, accurate and up to date. In the event the information in the Opening or the Customer Information is incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate or out of date, then the Customer must immediately take all necessary steps to rectify such information.
        Where the Customer makes use of the People Search Services, it will have the ability to contact Candidates that have not already applied for an Opening. Where a Customer wishes to contact such Candidates, it shall only do so in respect of an existing and valid Opening on the Website and not as a general solicitation.
        The Customer shall at all times use the Services and the Website in accordance with the applicable law and legislation and in particular, all applicable data protection, employment and anti-discrimination legislation. In particular:
            Customers undertake that they will collect and process personal data relating to Candidates only to the extent that the collection of those data is necessary and relevant to the performance of the job which is being applied for;
            If the Customer selects to access the social media profiles of the Candidates, the Customer shall refer only to appropriate social media when making decision relating to Candidates. The Customer shall consider whether the processing is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, including whether the social media profile of the candidate is related to business or private purposes, as this can be an important indication for the legal admissibility of the data inspection.
        The Customer is solely responsible for the use of the Services and its internal management of the recruitment process, for each Candidate search (including the People Search Services) that the Customer undertakes and any Opening advertised by the Customer through the Website. The Customer is also responsible for confirming:
            each Candidate’s qualifications, skills, training and experience;
            that the Candidate has the right to work in the relevant jurisdiction; and
            procuring from the Candidate(s) all information reasonably required by the Customer to determine the Candidate’s suitability to the Opening.
            In case the Customer uses electronic signatures, via the Services (where this is an available option), the Customer affirmatively consents to the use of electronic signatures via the Services. The Customer is responsible to determine whether an electronically signed document will be enforceable or not under applicable local laws. Workable makes no representations or warranties regarding the content, the validity or enforceability of any electronic documents or electronic signatures.
        The Customer acknowledges that Workable does not have any control of and therefore cannot reasonably accept any liability in respect of the behaviour, response or actions of the Candidates. Workable does not warrant, represent or guarantee that the Customer will be able to fill the Opening using the Services.
        The Customer shall, and shall procure that its Collaborators shall at all times keep all information including without limitation, the Candidates’ Profiles, communication and correspondences between the Customer, Workable and the Candidates, and all information relating to the Candidates and the recruitment process secure and confidential.
        The Services shall be personal to the Customer organisation and the Customer has no right whatsoever to resell the Services to any third party for any reason without the express written approval of Workable.
        The Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is the Customer’s responsibility to ensure it enters into any necessary contractual arrangements with Candidates (whether for temporary, casual, contract or permanent employment). The terms of employment and any contractual arrangements shall be negotiated and agreed between the Customer and the approved Candidate directly. In the event there is a dispute between the Customer and any Candidate or Employee (whether it relates to the interview or selection process, the contractual arrangements between the parties or otherwise) – collectively, a "Dispute" - arising from the use of the Services by the Customer, the Customer agrees Workable is not liable for any loss or damage suffered by the Customer resulting from any such Dispute and the Customer hereby releases and holds harmless Workable from any such loss or damage or any liability in relation to any Dispute.
        The Customer hereby indemnifies Workable against all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs) suffered or incurred by Workable which arise directly or indirectly from any Dispute, or any breach by the Customer of clause 4.4.
    Marketplace Partners
        Workable may offer Customers the option to purchase additional products and services that provide functionality that compliments the Services and are supplied by third parties (each such third party being a “Marketplace Partner”).
        Workable does not itself provide the products or services provided by the Marketplace Partners and the contract for the sale of such products and services is concluded directly between the Customer and the applicable Marketplace Partner and are subject to their individual terms of use which the Customer acknowledges and agrees to. Workable is not the agent, joint venture or partner of either the Marketplace Partner or the Customer.
    Fees
        The fees to access the Website and Services are as set out on the Website or the Workable Quote you received, as applicable ("Fees").
        Unless stated otherwise on the Website or the Workable Quote, Fees shall be payable by the Customer at the beginning of each subscription term, or in the manner as set out on the Website or the Workable Quote and in the currency identified on the Website or the Workable Quote, as applicable.
        All Fees are exclusive of VAT and all other taxes or duties and are non-refundable and non-cancelable for any reason, except as expressly provided otherwise in these Terms.
        You agree to keep your personal information, such as contact information, billing information up to date.
        If you pay by credit or debit card:
            You authorize us to charge your credit card or bank account for all Fees payable for your Subscription Term and for any renewal Term, until you decide to terminate your Subscription.
            In addition, you authorize us in order to process payments to use third party providers, and you provide your consent to disclose your payment information to any such third party as required.
            You are solely responsible for any bank fees, charged by your bank, including recurring payment fees associated with your payments to Workable.
            If you pay by direct debit, where this payment option is supported, You authorize Workable and its Affiliates to debit your bank account, for all Fees payable for your Subscription Term and for any renewal Term and to collect any amounts due according to your subscription plan. In case an Affiliate of Workable debits your account, it will do so acting in its capacity as a collection agent of Workable, whereas Workable remains your contracting entity at all times.
            For payments via direct debit, you should make sure you have sufficient clear funds in your nominated account for your upcoming payment. Any amounts not collected due to lack of adequate funds, are collected in priority against any new charges as soon as your account has available funds.
        For Customers on an annual plan only, upon renewal, Workable reserves the right to increase the Fees to an amount of 7% from the effective rates in the preceding term for the same plan and pricing tier (e.g to cover product improvements, new features, inflation etc.). Any discounts, or promotional offers applied to the initial term, may not apply to any renewal terms. Renewal price is also subject to change if your the Customer’s size changes substantially, by applying the then current pricing tier based upon the company’s size at the time of renewal.
        For multi year contracts, Workable reserves the right to access the Customer’s actual FTE count on each anniversary of the effective date of the Workable Quote, and may apply a prorated price increase for use in excess of the FTE count, based on the original price list, unless the parties have agreed already to an alternative pricing in the Workable Quote.
        Workable will provide the Customer with notice via email at least 45 days in advance for the upcoming renewal and any changes in the Fees applicable. For clarity, if the Workable Quote explicitly indicates a different renewal pricing then the Workable Quote shall prevail
    Termination
        The Customer may terminate the Contract at any time on the provision of written notice to Workable. Customers, that have not received a Workable Quote (“Self Service Customers”) may terminate the Provision of the Services at any time by cancelling their subscription on the Website.
            In case of an early termination in accordance with clause 7.1, unless otherwise agreed in the Workable Quote, (i) Customer will not be entitled to a refund of any pre-paid Fees and (ii) if the Customer has not already paid the full amount of the Fees for the agreed Subscription Term, any such amount is non-cancelable, and outstanding Fees will become immediately due and payable.
        The Storage Service shall continue after the date of termination of the Services until the Customer notifies Workable in writing that all data of the Customer is to be erased. Workable may terminate the Storage Services at any time after the termination of the Contract, but not earlier than 90 days after the termination of Services, and as required for compliance with applicable law.
        Workable shall be entitled to suspend and/or terminate the Customer’s access and use of the Website and/or all or part of the Services or the Storage Service:
            if Workable’s network providers and suppliers cease providing Workable with their services;
            if Workable believes that any applicable law has rendered any part of the Services unlawful; or
            if Workable has reason to believe that the Customer has breached any of the provisions of these Terms. 
        Upon termination of the Customer’s Contract in accordance with this clause 7:
            the Customer may no longer access or use the Services and the Website;
            in the event of termination by Workable that is not due to any breach by the Customer (including but not limited to any termination pursuant to clause 11.8 of these Terms), Workable shall refund to the Customer all Fees paid in advance for Services not provided by Workable;
            save as set out in the preceding sub-clause, Fees paid in advance by the Customer are non-refundable.
    Warranties
        The Customer hereby warrants that (a) the Customer has the right and capacity to enter into and be bound by these Terms; and (b) the Customer shall comply with all applicable laws regarding the Customer’s use of the Services and the Website; and (c) and the Customer agrees to abide by the rules and reasonable directions of Workable relating to the Website as may be provided by Workable from time-to- time.
        Workable warrants that the Services shall be provided with reasonable care and skill in the manner which would reasonably be expected from an experienced provider of similar services.
        Workable relies on other service providers (such as network provider, data centres, telecommunication providers) to make the Services and the Website available to the Customer. Whilst Workable takes all reasonable steps available to it to provide the Customer with a good level of service, Workable does not guarantee that such service shall be fault free or uninterrupted at all times. Workable therefore shall not be liable in any way for any losses the Customer may suffer as a result of delays or failures of the Services and Website as a result of Workable’s service providers.
        Except as expressly set out herein, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Workable expressly excludes all representations, warranties, obligations and liabilities in connection with the Services and the Website, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property, accuracy, completeness, fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties arising by statute or otherwise in law or from course of dealing, course of performance, or use of trade are hereby excluded and disclaimed.
        Workable may display or provide links or other interaction with third party websites and third party advertising banners on the Website ("Third Party Websites"). In particular, the Services may also provide the Customer with the opportunity to (i) connect and publish Openings and other Customer Information through Third Party Websites (ii) undertake People Search Services on the Third Party Websites and (iii) other third party services such as social and business networking sites. Use of any such Third Party Websites and services shall be at the risk of the Customer and are not the responsibility of Workable. Workable accepts no liability for the availability, suitability, reliability or content of such third party websites and does not endorse the views expressed within them. All use of the Third Party Websites is subject to the terms and conditions of the Third Party Website provider.
    Limitation of liability
        Subject to clauses 9.2 and 9.3, the maximum aggregate liability of Workable (including its respective agents, sub-contractors or representatives) under, arising from or in connection with the provision of the Services and/or these Terms, whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise (including for contractual liability under any indemnity provided by Workable), shall not exceed a sum equivalent to the total Fees received by Workable for a period of twelve (12) months preceding the event giving rise to liability.
        To the extent permitted by law, Workable expressly excludes:
            all conditions, warranties and other terms whether expressed or which might otherwise be implied by statute or common law;
            any liability for indirect or consequential loss which are losses incurred as a side effect of the main loss or damage;
            loss of profit;
            loss of income or revenue;
            loss of business or contracts;
            loss of data;
            loss of goodwill and reputation;
            loss of expectation;
            loss of opportunity;
            loss arising out of or in connection with wasted management or office time; or
            arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to the Customer’s tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
        Nothing in these Terms shall serve to limit or exclude Workable’s liability for death or personal injury resulting from Workable’s negligence or any liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.
    Intellectual property rights
        Workable and its licensors own all intellectual property rights relating to the Services and the Website, including but not limited to all software forming part of the Website ("Software"). Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. Nothing in these Terms will serve to transfer from Workable to the Customer any of the Software or Website, and all right, title and interest in and to the Software and the Website will remain exclusively with Workable and/or Workable’s licensors. Workable will provide Customer with a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, right to access and use the Services during the Subscription Term identified in the Quote or the Website, solely for Customer’s internal use of the Services and in accordance with these Terms and any Additional Terms. All rights in and to the Software and the Website not expressly granted to the Customer are reserved by Workable and the relevant third party licensors.
        The Customer may print off one copy and may download extracts of any pages from the Website solely for use by the Customer and the Customer may draw the attention of other users to Submissions or materials posted on the Website. The Customer must not use any part of the submissions of other users and all materials on the Website for any purpose other than accessing the Website or obtaining a benefit from the Services in accordance with these Terms.
        The Customer shall not, and shall procure that Collaborators shall not: (i) modify, translate, create or attempt to create derivative copies of or copy the Software or the Website in whole or in part; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reduce the object code of the Software or the Website to source code form; (iii) distribute, sub-license, assign, share, timeshare, sell, rent, lease, transmit, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer the Software or the Website or the Customer’s right to use the Software or the Website.
        The Customer warrants that the Customer owns or has the right or licence to use the intellectual property rights in the Customer Information, the Openings and all information and materials provided by the Customer to Workable.
        The Customer hereby grants Workable, a perpetual, sub-licensable, worldwide, royalty- free licence to publish, use in order to improve and develop the Services, and make available on the Website the Customer Information, Openings and all other information and material provided by the Customer to Workable in respect of the Services, for the purpose of providing the Services to the Customer.
        The Customer hereby indemnifies Workable against all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs) arising from or incurred by reason of any infringement of any intellectual property right by the use or possession of the Customer Information, Openings, and all other information and material provided by the Customer to Workable.
        Workable shall indemnify Customer against any third party claim that the Software or the use thereof in accordance with these Terms and the Contract infringes or misappropriates a third party patent, trademark, copyright or trade secret under the laws of a country in which the Services are actually accessed by Customer, and shall pay any resulting damages awarded to such claimant or any settlement agreed to by Workable and any related costs and expenses reasonably incurred by Customer; provided, that Customer notifies Workable promptly in writing of such claim and uses commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the damages which may be payable by Workable hereunder. Workable shall have sole control over the defense and settlement of such claim. Customer shall provide all information and assistance reasonably requested by Workable, at Workable's expense. Workable and its affiliates, licensors and other providers shall have no liability to the extent any infringement arises out of or relates to any: (i) use or combination of Services or the Software with any third party software, hardware, application, content or service; (ii) use of the Services or the Software in a manner that does not comply with these Terms; (iii) any modification not made by Workable or its representatives; or (iv) any matter for which Customer is obligated to indemnify Workable pursuant to these Terms. THIS CLAUSE 10.7 STATES CUSTOMER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AND WORKABLE'S AND ITS AFFILIATES’ SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY, REGARDING INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
    Data processing, privacy and confidentiality
        The Customer and Workable shall comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations in the performance of its obligations set out under these Terms, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), the revised Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FDAP”) (collectively, “Data Protection Laws”), in each case including all other successor legislation and regulation thereto.
        Workable processes certain personal data (as such term is defined in the Data Protection Laws) of the users of the Website and the Service, as a data controller (as the term is defined in the Data Protection Laws). Where data is processed by Workable as a data controller, such processing is carried out in accordance with Workable’s Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy.
        The Customer shall include words substantially similar to Workable’s Recruitment Privacy Notice Template , as well as all other provisions required for such Privacy Notice to comply with the Data Protection Laws.
        For personal data which is processed by Workable as a data processor (as the term is defined in Data Protection Laws) on the Customer’s behalf as part of the Services, the Workable Data Processing Addendum, which is hereby incorporated by reference, shall apply.
        Customer shall ensure that its collection and use of any personal data, accessed through the Website or the Services, complies with the Data Protection Laws. The Customer hereby indemnifies Workable against all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs) arising from or incurred by reason of the Customer’s failure to comply with this clause 11.5.
        To the extent Workable processes personal information of California residents on behalf of the Customer, subject to the CCPA and CPRA, in order to provide the Services, the terms of the Workable CCPA/ CPRA Data Processing Addendum located here, and which is hereby incorporated by reference, shall apply and the parties agree to comply with such terms.
        Where the Customer elects to engage one or more of the Marketplace Partners, the parties agree that such Marketplace Partner is data processor of the Customer, supplying its products and services directly to the Customer. Marketplace Partners are not sub-processors of Workable.
        Where the Customer uses a Marketplace Partner’s services the Customer hereby acknowledges and agrees that personal data may be passed between Workable and the Marketplace Partner. It is the Customer’s express instruction that Workable provides such personal data to the Marketplace Partner.
        Where Workable receives personal data from one or more Marketplace Partners in respect of which Workable reasonably believes that the Customer is the data controller, the Customer hereby instructs Workable to process such personal data on the Customer’s behalf.
        As used under these Terms “Confidential Information” is all information pertaining to business, technology, affairs, customer, clients or suppliers, marketing plans etc. that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential, as disclosed by one party (“Disclosing Party”) to the other (“Receiving Party”). Without limitation Workable’s Confidential information shall include among the others, the Services, pricing, and Quote details. The Receiving party shall hold in trust and maintain as strictly Confidential all Confidential information disclosed to the other. The Receiving party agrees to use the same degree of care to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of Confidential information as the Receiving party uses to prevent disclosure of its own Confidential information, but in any event with no less care than a reasonable party in a similar line of business would apply to the protection of similar information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Confidential Information shall not include, information which has been published other than through a breach of these Terms; information lawfully in the possession of the receiving party without an obligation of confidentiality before its disclosure hereunder took place; information obtained from a third party who is free to disclose it; and information proved to be independently developed by a party.
            Confidential information shall only be used by the Receiving party for the purposes of, and to the extent necessary for, performing the obligations of the Receiving party under these Terms, and the Receiving party shall not disclose Confidential information to any third party unless otherwise authorised by the Disclosing party in writing, or except to its Affiliates, employees, subcontractors (collectively, “Representatives”) who need to know such Confidential information for the purpose of exercising the Receiving party’s rights and performing the Receiving party’s obligations under these Terms, provided those Representatives commit themselves to similar confidentiality obligations.
            The Receiving Party shall be entitled to make any disclosure of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information as may be required by or essential to comply with any law or the requirements of any government or regulatory authority acting within the scope of its powers, provided that (where legally permitted) it gives the Disclosing Party as much notice as is reasonably practicable prior to such disclosure. In addition, the Receiving Party shall take into account the reasonable requests of the Disclosing Party in relation to the content of this disclosure.
    General
        If Workable fails at any time to insist upon strict performance of its obligations under these Terms, or if it fails to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which it is entitled to under these Terms, this will not constitute a waiver of any such rights or remedies and shall not relieve the Customer from compliance with such obligations. No waiver by Workable of any of these Terms shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to the Customer in writing.
        All notification and communication to Workable should be sent to the contact details made available to the Customer on the Website.
        If any of these Terms are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent, be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
        The Customer acknowledges that in entering into these Terms, the Customer has not relied on any representations, undertaking or promise given by or implied from anything said or written whether on the Website, the Internet or in negotiation between the parties except as expressly set out in these Terms.
        The Customer agrees that Workable may identify the Customer as a user of the Software and use Customer's trademark and/or logo (i) in sales presentations, promotional/marketing materials and communications, and press releases, and (ii) in order to develop a brief customer profile for use by Workable on Workable's website for promotional purpose.
        Workable reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time, by revising them on the Website, provided that any such modifications do not materially change the overall functionality of the Services or substantially diminish Customer’s rights and create substantial Customer obligations. Any changes Workable may make to this document in the future will be notified and made available to the Customers that have subscribed to be notified by using the form at the bottom of this page.
        This Contract shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for the duration of your subscription length. The term of this Contract shall thereafter renew on each anniversary of the Effective Date or for multiyear contracts on the expiration of the agreed term for successive terms of one (1) year, unless either party notifies the other in writing at least 30 days prior to the anniversary of its intention to not renew the Services, or for Self Service Customers unless they cancel their subscription on the Website. This statement applies to subscriptions with a subscription length of a year or more.
        These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of English courts.

These Terms of Use were last updated on the 16th January 2025. Prior version of these Terms available here.
Workable HR terms of use

This document sets out the Workable HR Terms of Use ("Terms") on which Workable Software Limited (Company No. 08125469) of 5 Golden Square, 5th Floor, London, W1F 9BS ("Workable") provides customers with access to human resources management services through the www.workable.com website ("Website"), including any mobile applications. Please read these Terms very carefully before using the Website and the Services. You acknowledge and agree that by clicking on "I accept", or by executing an Order Form (“Workable Quote”) with Workable that references these Terms on behalf of a nominated company or organisation (the "Customer"), you agree that the company or organisation will be bound by these terms as a Customer. You warrant and represent that you have full capacity and authority to enter into these Terms on behalf of the Customer company or organisation.

If you do not accept these Terms, you will not be able to use the Website and the Services. You are advised to print and retain a copy of these Terms for future reference. These Terms may be subject to change from time to time and accordingly you are advised to refer back to these Terms from time to time and before making use of the Website and Services.

You may decide to use additional services, which might have additional terms that apply to your use of those services (“Additional Terms”). The Additional Terms form part of the Contract. In the event that Additional Terms directly conflict with any of these Terms, the Additional Terms will apply to your use of the services.
If you use the Workable Recruitment services, then the Workable Terms of Use, available here, are applicable to the use of the services:

    The Website & the Services
        The Website is owned and managed by Workable Technology Limited (Company No. 08789789) a company incorporated in England and Wales and whose registered office address is 5 Golden Square, 5th Floor, London, W1F 9BS. Workable Technology Limited is the parent company of Workable Software Limited. There are provisions in place allowing Workable Software Limited to license the Services to Customers.
        In consideration for the payment of the Fees, Workable shall provide the Customer with the Services as described on the Website or the Workable Quote, for the onboarding and management of Customer’s employees including without limitation the option of creating employee profiles, storing employee documents, providing an organizational chart, time off, e-signatures, among other features ("Services") and provide the facility of storing the Customer’s employment data (“Storage Service”). The Services typically also include the following:
            the facility to add accounts for "Collaborators”, meaning the Customer’s employees (“Employee”) and nominated representatives, by nominating such individuals to create individual user accounts which permit them to access and use the Services on behalf of the Customer;
            the facility to upload "Customer Information", meaning information about the Customer’s organisation;
            the ability to view the "Profile" of an Employee which may include without limitation an Employee’s contact details, role within the organisation etc.;
            the ability to request certain implementation services from Workable to allow a Customer or Collaborator the ability to access and use the Website and Services on their systems, including through the use of a Workable API (“Implementation Services”). Such Implementation Services will incur charges in addition to the Fees, such additional charges will be as agreed between Workable and Customer and will be invoiced to the Customer and payable on or before commencement of applicable services;
            the ability to use the Workable Free Tools For Managers, in which case Customer agrees with the Workable Free Tools Terms found here;
            the ability to participate in Beta or early access programs, in which case the Workable Beta Agreement, incorporated here by reference is applicable; and
            any other features and functionalities provided by Workable to the Customer from time to time.
        For the avoidance of doubt, Workable’s obligations shall be limited only to the provision of the Services and do not in any way include acting on the Customer’s behalf. Nothing in these Terms is intended to, or shall be deemed to, establish any partnership or joint venture between the Customer and Workable, appoint either party as the agent of the other, nor authorise either party to make or enter into any commitments for or on behalf of the other party.
        Workable may from time to time add, modify, suspend or cease (temporarily or permanently) the provision of any element of the Services upon notice to the Customer.
        Workable agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available on a seven (7) day per week, twenty four (24) hour per day basis excluding (a) scheduled maintenance time, (b) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Workable's reasonable control and (c) any suspensions permitted under these Terms. In the event of a planned service downtime in respect of the Services, Workable shall use reasonable efforts to notify the Customer thereof at least 24 hours in advance (which notice may be provided electronically, including via the Services).
        Access to the Website and the Services, may be granted to the Customer on a trial or ‘free’ basis ("Trial") for a period of up to 15 days. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that during the Trial the following specific terms shall apply in addition to all other Terms:
            access to the Services during the Trial will be provided at no cost to the Customer;
            such access is solely for the purpose of offering the Customer a preview demonstration of the functionality and features of the Services;
            the functionality of the Services during a trial may be limited or restricted; Any Services provided by Workable during a Trial shall be considered “as- is” and Workable has no liability of any type, nor any indemnification obligations, for any harm or damage arising out of or in connection with any Free Services.
            Workable may withdraw or suspend the Customer’s access to the Services at any time during the Trial, and at the completion of the Trial continued access to the Website and/or Services will be subject to payment of Fees or charges.
            Customer shall be fully liable under those terms to Workable for any harm or damages arising from the use of the Services during a Trial by Customer.
    Registration & collaborators
        In order to use the Services, the Customer shall first be required to register with Workable by completing the online registration form on the Website.
        Workable shall send the Customer a confirmation email ("Confirmation Email") once it has accepted and confirmed the Customer’s registration. The Customer’s contract to use the Services on these Terms ("Contract") commences on the date specified in the Workable Quote or when the Customer has accepted these Terms online ("Effective Date”).
        Workable reserves the right to:
            Conduct verification and security procedures in respect of all information provided by the Customer to Workable. If Workable has reason to believe that the information provided by the Customer to register and use any of the Services, including the Customer’s employee count, is inaccurate, breaches or is likely to breach any of the provision in these Terms, Workable at its sole discretion may take any action that it deems appropriate including without limitation, to terminate the Customer’s Contract.
            Assess the total Customer employee count (“FTE”). If Workable determines, the actual FTE is in excess to the number provided by Customer when registering to use the Services, (“FTE Excess”) Workable will notify the Customer accordingly in regard to the correct FTE and at Workable’s sole discretion: i) upgrade Customer to a new subscription plan which will go into effect into the next renewal or the next monthly subscription billing cycle, as applicable,ii)charge the Customer on the next renewal or the next monthly subscription billing cycle in accordance with the new subscription plan, ;iii) suspend or terminate Customer’s Contract. The continued use of the Services by Customer after the changes have been made, will constitute Customer’s acceptance of these changes.If the Customer does not agree to any such price changes, then the sole remedy is to cancel the subscription and stop using the Service. For clarity this section applies only to Customers that have not signed a Workable Quote (“Self Service Customers”).
        These Terms shall apply to any and all Collaborators who access and use the Website and the Customer Services through the Customer’s account. The Customer acknowledges and agrees:
            all Collaborators must use the corporate email address allocated to them by the Customer when creating a Collaborator profile;
            Workable may allocate the Customer "Admin" or "Member" accounts with varying levels of access, and the Customer shall comply (and ensure each Collaborator complies) with any directions of Workable relating to the establishment and use of such Collaborator accounts;
            only one person may log-on to the Website and/or access the Services using any one Collaborator account at any one time; and
            the Customer is directly liable to Workable at all times for the acts or omissions of its Collaborators.
        The Customer shall, and shall ensure its Collaborators, keep any Customer and Collaborator usernames and passwords ("Logins") safe and secure to ensure that they are not used without the Customer’s permission. The Customer must immediately notify Workable if it has reason to believe that there has been unauthorised use or access to the Customer’s Logins and/or the Customer’s profile on the Website. The Customer shall be solely responsible and liable for any breaches of these Terms arising out of or resulting from use of the Customer’s Logins to access the Services and/or the Website, whether such use is authorised by the Customer or not.
        At any time upon notice to the Customer, Workable may require the Customer to execute any further documents to confirm the Customer’s acceptance of, or give full effect to, these Terms.
    Customer obligations
        The Customer:
            shall, and shall ensure that its Collaborators also, at all times use the Services and the Website in accordance with these Terms.
            if it is a U.S. Customer, shall not (and shall ensure that its Collaborators do not) upload, provide or submit to Workable any patient, medical or other protected health information regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) or any similar foreign, U.S. federal or state laws, rules or regulations; Workable shall have no liability to Customer, its Collaborators or any other party under this Agreement for the foregoing.
        The Customer shall ensure that its use of the Services and/or the Website, including the submission of any information, data, images, videos, audio, files (including Customer’s employee data), and all other material of any format ("Submissions"):
            comply with all applicable laws and legislations, including, but not limited to, the US Fair Credit Reporting Act 1971 (15 U.S.C. § 1681 et seq), or any other consumer protection and anti-spam laws and regulations applicable in Customer’s jurisdiction.
            do not infringe any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of any third party;
            not reasonably be deemed to:
                be offensive, illegal, inappropriate or in any way:
                    promote racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
                    harass or advocate harassment of another person;
                    display pornographic or sexually explicit material;
                    promote any conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libellous;
                    promote any illegal activities;
                    provide instructional information about illegal activities, including violating someone else’s privacy;
                    create computer viruses or implement any form of software or scripts onto the Website that have the appearance of coming from a user or Collaborator (for the avoidance of doubt, this shall not apply to API use);
                    promote or contain information that you know or believe to be inaccurate, false or misleading;
                    exploit people in a sexual or violent manner; or
                    invade or violate any third party’s right to privacy; 
                transmit "junkmail", or"chainletters", or unsolicited mass mailing, messaging or "spamming"; and the Customer hereby indemnifies Workable for all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs) suffered or incurred by Workable which arise directly or indirectly from a breach by the Customer of this clause 3.2.
        Unless otherwise explicitly stated by Workable, Workable does not vet, verify the accuracy, correctness and completeness of, edit or modify any Submissions or any other information, data and materials created, used, stored in the platform whether they may result in any liability to any third party. The Customer hereby warrants that the Customer has the right to use, collect and store any and all such information and material.
        The Customer shall not:
            at any time use the Services and/or the Website with the purpose of impersonating another user or person;
            use the information made available to the Customer through its use of the Services and/or the Website for any purpose other than in connection with the Services; and
            do anything whatsoever which shall or is likely to impair, interfere with, damage, or cause harm or distress to any person or all or any part of any computer, computer network, telecommunications service or infrastructure.
        Workable takes breaches of the Terms, and in particular, this clause 3, very seriously and therefore reserves the right to take any action that Workable deems necessary. This can include, without limitation, suspension or termination of the Customer’s use of the Services and/or access to the Website. In certain circumstances Workable may choose to instigate legal proceedings as appropriate if there is any illegal use of the Services and/or the Website, or disclose information to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded onto the Website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or of their right to privacy or if the material is posted without that third party’s prior consent. The Customer shall promptly notify Workable if it is aware of any or any suspected breaches of this clause 3 by its Collaborators.
    Customer interaction with Employees
        The Customer shall at all times use the Services and the Website in accordance with the applicable law and legislation and in particular, all applicable data protection, employment and anti-discrimination legislation.
        In case the Customer uses electronic signatures, via the Services (where this is available), the Customer affirmatively consents to the use of electronic signatures via the Services. The Customer is responsible to determine whether an electronically signed document will be enforceable or not under applicable local laws. Workable makes no representations or warranties regarding the content, the validity or enforceability of any electronic documents or electronic signatures.
        The Customer acknowledges that Workable does not have any control of and therefore cannot reasonably accept any liability in respect of the behaviour, response or actions of any users of the Services.
        The Customer shall and shall procure that its Collaborators shall at all times keep all information including without limitation, the Profiles, secure and confidential.
        The Services shall be personal to the Customer organisation and the Customer has no right whatsoever to resell the Services to any third party for any reason without the express written approval of Workable.
        The Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is the Customer’s responsibility to ensure it enters into any necessary contractual arrangements with its Employees (whether for temporary, casual, contract or permanent employment). The terms of employment and any contractual arrangements shall be negotiated and agreed between the Customer and the Employee directly. In the event there is a dispute between the Customer and any Employee (whether it relates to the contractual arrangements between the parties, or otherwise) – collectively, a "Dispute" - arising from the use of the Services by the Customer, the Customer agrees Workable is not liable for any loss or damage suffered by the Customer resulting from any such Dispute and the Customer hereby releases and holds harmless Workable from any such loss or damage or any liability in relation to any Dispute.
        The Customer hereby indemnifies Workable against all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs) suffered or incurred by Workable which arise directly or indirectly from any Dispute, or any breach by the Customer of clause 4.1.
    Marketplace Partners
        Workable may offer Customers the option to purchase additional products and services that provide functionality that compliments the Services and are supplied by third parties (each such third party being a “Marketplace Partner”).
        Workable does not itself provide the products or services provided by the Marketplace Partners and the contract for the sale of such products and services is concluded directly between the Customer and the applicable Marketplace Partner and are subject to their individual terms of use which the Customer acknowledges and agrees to. Workable is not the agent, joint venture or partner of either the Marketplace Partner or the Customer.
    Fees
        The fees to access the Website and Services are as set out on the Website or the Workable Quote you received, as applicable ("Fees").
        Unless stated otherwise on the Website or the Workable Quote, Fees shall be payable by the Customer at the beginning of each subscription term, or in the manner as set out on the Website or the Workable Quote and in the currency identified on the Website or the Workable Quote, as applicable.
        All Fees are exclusive of VAT and all other taxes or duties and are non-refundable and non-cancelable for any reason, except as expressly provided otherwise in these Terms.
        You agree to keep your personal information, such as contact information, billing information up to date.
        If you pay by credit or debit card:
            You authorize us to charge your credit card or bank account for all Fees payable for your Subscription Term and for any renewal Term, until you decide to terminate your Subscription.
            In addition, you authorize us in order to process payments to use third party providers, and you provide your consent to disclose your payment information to any such third party as required.
            You are solely responsible for any bank fees, charged by your bank, including recurring payment fees associated with your payments to Workable.
            If you pay by direct debit, where this payment option is supported, You authorize Workable and its Affiliates to debit your bank account, for all Fees payable for your Subscription Term and for any renewal Term and to collect any amounts due according to your subscription plan. In case an Affiliate of Workable debits your account, it will do so acting in its capacity as a collection agent of Workable, whereas Workable remains your contracting entity at all times.
            For payments via direct debit, you should make sure you have sufficient clear funds in your nominated account for your upcoming payment. Any amounts not collected due to lack of adequate funds, are collected in priority against any new charges as soon as your account has available funds.
        For Customers on an annual plan only, upon renewal, Workable reserves the right to increase the Fees to an amount of 7% from the effective rates in the preceding term for the same plan and pricing tier (e.g to cover product improvements, new features, inflation etc.)Any discounts, or promotional offers applied to the initial term, may not apply to any renewal terms. Renewal price is also subject to change if your company's size changes substantially, by applying the then current pricing tier based upon the company’s size at the time of renewal.
        For multi year contracts, Workable reserves the right to access the Customer’s actual FTE count on each anniversary of the effective date of the Workable Quote, and may apply a prorated price increase for use in excess of the FTE count, based on the original price list, unless the parties have agreed already to an alternative pricing in the Workable Quote.
        Workable will provide the Customer with notice via email at least 45 days in advance for the upcoming renewal and any changes in the Fees applicable. For clarity, if the Workable Quote explicitly indicates a different renewal pricing then the Workable Quote shall prevail
    Termination
        The Customer may terminate the Contract at any time on the provision of written notice to Workable. Customers, that have not received a Workable Quote (“Self Service Customers”) may terminate the Provision of the Services at any time by cancelling their subscription on the Website.
            In case of an early termination in accordance with clause 7.1., unless otherwise agreed in the Workable Quote, (i) Customer will not be entitled to a refund of any pre-paid Fees and (ii) if the Customer has not already paid the full amount of the Fees for the agreed Subscription Term, any such amount is non-cancelable, and outstanding Fees will become immediately due and payable.
        The Storage Service shall continue after the date of termination of the Services until the Customer notifies Workable in writing that all data of the Customer is to be erased. Workable may terminate the Storage Services at any time after the termination of the Contract, but not earlier than 90 days after the termination of Services, and as required for compliance with applicable law.
        Workable shall be entitled to suspend and/or terminate the Customer’s access and use of the Website and/or all or part of the Services or the Storage Service:
            if Workable’s network providers and suppliers cease providing Workable with their services;
            if Workable believes that any applicable law has rendered any part of the Services unlawful; or
            if Workable has reason to believe that the Customer has breached any of the provisions of these Terms.
        Upon termination of the Customer’s Contract in accordance with this clause 7:
            the Customer may no longer access or use the Services and the Website;
            in the event of termination by Workable that is not due to any breach by the Customer (including but not limited to any termination pursuant to clause 11.6 of these Terms), Workable shall refund to the Customer all Fees paid in advance for Services not provided by Workable;
            save as set out in the preceding sub-clause, Fees paid in advance by the Customer are non-refundable.
    Warranties
        The Customer hereby warrants that (a) the Customer has the right and capacity to enter into and be bound by these Terms; and (b) the Customer shall comply with all applicable laws regarding the Customer’s use of the Services and the Website; and (c) and the Customer agrees to abide by the rules and reasonable directions of Workable relating to the Website as may be provided by Workable from time-to- time.
        Workable warrants that the Services shall be provided with reasonable care and skill in the manner which would reasonably be expected from an experienced provider of similar services.
        Workable relies on other service providers (such as network provider, data centres, telecommunication providers) to make the Services and the Website available to the Customer. Whilst Workable takes all reasonable steps available to it to provide the Customer with a good level of service, Workable does not guarantee that such service shall be fault free or uninterrupted at all times. Workable therefore shall not be liable in any way for any losses the Customer may suffer as a result of delays or failures of the Services and Website as a result of Workable’s service providers.
        Except as expressly set out herein, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Workable expressly excludes all representations, warranties, obligations and liabilities in connection with the Services and the Website, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, non- infringement of intellectual property, accuracy, completeness, fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties arising by statute or otherwise in law or from course of dealing, course of performance, or use of trade are hereby excluded and disclaimed.
        Workable may display or provide links or other interaction with third party websites and third-party advertising banners on the Website ("Third Party Websites"). Use of any such Third Party Websites and services shall be at the risk of the Customer and are not the responsibility of Workable. Workable accepts no liability for the availability, suitability, reliability or content of such third party websites and does not endorse the views expressed within them. All use of the Third Party Websites is subject to the terms and conditions of the Third Party Website provider.
    Limitation of liability
        Subject to clauses 9.2 and 9.3, the maximum aggregate liability of Workable (including its respective agents, sub- contractors or representatives) under, arising from or in connection with the provision of the Services and/or these Terms, whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise (including for contractual liability under any indemnity provided by Workable), shall not exceed a sum equivalent to the total Fees received by Workable for a period of twelve (12) months preceding the event giving rise to liability.
        To the extent permitted by law, Workable expressly excludes:
            all conditions, warranties and other terms whether expressed or which might otherwise be implied by statute or common law;
            any liability for indirect or consequential loss which are losses incurred as a side effect of the main loss or damage;
            loss of profit;
            loss of income or revenue;
            loss of business or contracts;
            loss of data;
            loss of goodwill and reputation;
            loss of expectation;
            loss of opportunity;
            loss arising out of or in connection with wasted management or office time; or
            arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to the Customer’s tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
        Nothing in these Terms shall serve to limit or exclude Workable’s liability for death or personal injury resulting from Workable’s negligence or any liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.
    Intellectual property rights
        Workable and its licensors own all intellectual property rights relating to the Services and the Website, including but not limited to all software forming part of the Website ("Software"). Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. Nothing in these Terms will serve to transfer from Workable to the Customer any of the Software or Website, and all right, title and interest in and to the Software and the Website will remain exclusively with Workable and/or Workable’s licensors. Workable will provide Customer with a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, right to access and use the Services during the Subscription Term identified in the Quote or the Website, solely for Customer’s internal use of the Services and in accordance with these Terms and any Additional Terms. All rights in and to the Software and the Website not expressly granted to the Customer are reserved by Workable and the relevant third party licensors.
        The Customer may print off one copy and may download extracts of any pages from the Website solely for use by the Customer and the Customer may draw the attention of other users to Submissions or materials posted on the Website. The Customer must not use any part of the submissions of other users and all materials on the Website for any purpose other than accessing the Website or obtaining a benefit from the Services in accordance with these Terms.
        The Customer shall not, and shall procure that Collaborators shall not: (i) modify, translate, create or attempt to create derivative copies of or copy the Software or the Website in whole or in part; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reduce the object code of the Software or the Website to source code form; (iii) distribute, sub-license, assign, share, timeshare, sell, rent, lease, transmit, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer the Software or the Website or the Customer’s right to use the Software or the Website.
        The Customer warrants that the Customer owns or has the right or licence to use the intellectual property rights in the Customer Information, and all information and materials provided by the Customer to Workable.
        The Customer hereby grants Workable, a perpetual, sub- licensable, worldwide, royalty- free licence to publish, use in order to improve and develop the Services, and make available on the Website the Customer Information, and all other information and material provided by the Customer to Workable in respect of the Services, for the purpose of providing the Services to the Customer.
        The Customer hereby indemnifies Workable against all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs) arising from or incurred by reason of any infringement of any intellectual property right by the use or possession of the Customer Information, Submissions, and all other information and material provided by the Customer to Workable.
        Workable shall indemnify Customer against any third party claim that the Software or the use thereof in accordance with these Terms and the Contract infringes or misappropriates a third party patent, trademark, copyright or trade secret under the laws of a country in which the Services are actually accessed by Customer , and shall pay any resulting damages awarded to such claimant or any settlement agreed to by Workable and any related costs and expenses reasonably incurred by Customer; provided, that Customer notifies Workable promptly in writing of such claim and uses commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the damages which may be payable by Workable hereunder. Workable shall have sole control over the defense and settlement of such claim. Customer shall provide all information and assistance reasonably requested by Workable, at Workable's expense.Workable and its affiliates, licensors and other providers shall have no liability to the extent any infringement arises out of or relates to any: (i) use or combination of Services or the Software with any third party software, hardware, application, content or service; (ii) use of the Services or the Software in a manner that does not comply with these Terms; (iii) any modification not made by Workable or its representatives; or (iv) any matter for which Customer is obligated to indemnify Workable pursuant to these Terms. THIS CLAUSE 10.7 STATES CUSTOMER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AND WORKABLE'S AND ITS AFFILIATES’ SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY, REGARDING INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
    Data processing, privacy and confidentiality
        The Customer and Workable shall comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations in the performance of its obligations set out under these Terms, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), the revised Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FDAP”) (collectively, “Data Protection Laws”), in each case including all other successor legislation and regulation thereto.
        Workable processes certain personal data (as such term is defined in the Data Protection Laws) of the users of the Website and the Service, as a data controller (as the term is defined in the Data Protection Laws) in the course of providing the Services. Where data is processed by Workable as a data controller, such processing is carried out in accordance with Workable’s Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy.
        For personal data which is processed by Workable as a data processor (as the term is defined in Data Protection Laws) on the Customer’s behalf as part of the Services, the Workable Data Processing Addendum, which is hereby incorporated by reference, shall apply.
        Customer shall ensure that its collection and use of any personal data, accessed through the Website or the Services, complies with the Data Protection Laws. The Customer hereby indemnifies Workable against all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs) arising from or incurred by reason of the Customer’s failure to comply with this clause 11.4.
        To the extent Workable processes personal information of California residents on behalf of the Customer, subject to the CCPA and CPRA, in order to provide the Services, the terms of the Workable CCPA/ CPRA Data Processing Addendum located here, and which is hereby incorporated by reference, shall apply and the parties agree to comply with such terms.
        Where the Customer elects to engage one or more of the Marketplace Partners, the parties agree that such Marketplace Partner is data processor of the Customer, supplying its products and services directly to the Customer. Marketplace Partners are not sub-processors of Workable.
        Where the Customer uses a Marketplace Partner’s services the Customer hereby acknowledges and agrees that personal data may be passed between Workable and the Marketplace Partner. It is the Customer’s express instruction that Workable provides such personal data to the Marketplace Partner.
        Where Workable receives personal data from one or more Marketplace Partners in respect of which Workable reasonably believes that the Customer is the data controller, the Customer hereby instructs Workable to process such personal data on the Customer’s behalf.
        As used under these Terms “Confidential Information” is all information pertaining to business, technology, affairs, customer, clients or suppliers, marketing plans etc. that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential, as disclosed by one party (“Disclosing Party”) to the other (“Receiving Party”). Without limitation Workable’s Confidential information shall include among the others, the Services, pricing, and Quote details. The Receiving party shall hold in trust and maintain as strictly Confidential all Confidential information disclosed to the other. The Receiving party agrees to use the same degree of care to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of Confidential information as the Receiving party uses to prevent disclosure of its own Confidential information, but in any event with no less care than a reasonable party in a similar line of business would apply to the protection of similar information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Confidential Information shall not include, information which has been published other than through a breach of these Terms; information lawfully in the possession of the receiving party without an obligation of confidentiality before its disclosure hereunder took place; information obtained from a third party who is free to disclose it; and information proved to be independently developed by a party.
            Confidential information shall only be used by the Receiving party for the purposes of, and to the extent necessary for, performing the obligations of the Receiving party under these Terms, and the Receiving party shall not disclose Confidential information to any third party unless otherwise authorised by the Disclosing party in writing, or except to its Affiliates, employees, subcontractors (collectively, “Representatives”) who need to know such Confidential information for the purpose of exercising the Receiving party’s rights and performing the Receiving party’s obligations under these Terms, provided those Representatives commit themselves to similar confidentiality obligations.
            The Receiving Party shall be entitled to make any disclosure of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information as may be required by or essential to comply with any law or the requirements of any government or regulatory authority acting within the scope of its powers, provided that (where legally permitted) it gives the Disclosing Party as much notice as is reasonably practicable prior to such disclosure. In addition, the Receiving Party shall take into account the reasonable requests of the Disclosing Party in relation to the content of this disclosure.
    General
        If Workable fails at any time to insist upon strict performance of its obligations under these Terms, or if it fails to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which it is entitled to under these Terms, this will not constitute a waiver of any such rights or remedies and shall not relieve the Customer from compliance with such obligations. No waiver by Workable of any of these Terms shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to the Customer in writing.
        All notification and communication to Workable should be sent to the contact details made available to the Customer on the Website.
        If any of these Terms are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent, be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
        The Customer acknowledges that in entering into these Terms, the Customer has not relied on any representations, undertaking or promise given by or implied from anything said or written whether on the Website, the Internet or in negotiation between the parties except as expressly set out in these Terms.
        The Customer agrees that Workable may identify the Customer as a user of the Software and use Customer's trademark and/or logo (i) in sales presentations, promotional/marketing materials and communications, and press releases, and (ii) in order to develop a brief customer profile for use by Workable on Workable's website for promotional purpose.
        Workable reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time, by revising them on the Website, provided that any such modifications do not materially change the overall functionality of the Services or substantially diminish Customer’s rights and create substantial Customer obligations. Any changes Workable may make to this document in the future will be notified and made available to the Customers that have subscribed to be notified by using the form at the bottom of this page.
        This Contract shall commence on the Effective Date as specified in the Website or the Workable Quote, as applicable, and continue for the duration of your subscription length. The term of this Contract shall thereafter renew on each anniversary of the Effective Date or for multiyear contracts on the expiration of the agreed term for successive terms of one (1) year, unless either party notifies the other in writing at least 30 days prior to the anniversary of its intention to not renew the Services, or for Self Service Customers unless they cancel their subscription on the Website. This statement applies to subscriptions with a subscription length of a year or more.
        These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of English courts.

These HR Terms of Use were last updated on the 16th January 2025. Prior version of these Terms available here.
Data processing addendum

This Data Processing Addendum (“Addendum”) is incorporated into the agreement(s) between the customer (“Customer” or “Controller”) and the Workable entity contracting with the Customer (“Workable” or “Processor”) for the Customer’s use of the Services (“Agreement”).

This Addendum forms part of and is subject to all provisions of the terms available at workable.com/terms (“Terms”), or other agreements between the Controller and Processor governing the Controller’s use of the Services.

The Controller enters this Addendum on behalf of itself and, to the extent required under applicable Data Protection Laws (defined below), in the name and on behalf of its Affiliates (defined below), if authorized by Workable, acting as a Controller. For clarity, Customer’s Affiliates are permitted to use the Services pursuant to the Agreement but have not signed their separate agreement. All access to and use of the Services by the Affiliates must comply with the terms and conditions of this Addendum and any violation of the terms of this Addendum by an Affiliate shall be deemed a violation by the Controller.

If a Customer has signed a Data Processing Agreement with a Workable entity or has negotiated specific data protection terms in their Workable Quote, this separate agreement shall prevail over this Addendum.

    Definitions
        "Affiliate" means (i) an entity of which a party directly or indirectly owns fifty percent (50%) or more of the stock or other equity interest, (ii) an entity that owns at least fifty percent (50%) or more of the stock or other equity interest of a party, or (iii) an entity which is under common control with a party by having at least fifty percent (50%) or more of the stock or other equity interest of such entity and a party owned by the same person, but such entity shall only be deemed to be an Affiliate so long as such ownership exists.
        “Agreement" means the Workable quote or acceptance of the online Terms of Use, whichever is applicable.
        “Customer” means the entity identified in the online order form or the Workable Quote, as applicable.
        "Data Privacy Framework" means the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework self-certification programs (as applicable) operated by the U.S. Department of Commerce; as may be amended, superseded, or replaced.
        “Data Protection Laws” means any applicable laws and regulations in any relevant jurisdiction relating to the use or processing of Personal Data including: (i) the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“EU GDPR” or “GDPR”), (ii) the EU GDPR as it forms part of the law of England and Wales by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK GDPR”); (iii) the UK Data Protection Act 2018; (iv) the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003; and (v) the revised Federal Act on Data Protection (Switzerland) (the “FDAP”); in each case, as updated, amended or replaced from time to time. The terms “Data Subject”, “Personal Data”, “Personal Data Breach”, “processing”, “processor,” “controller,” and “supervisory authority” shall have the meanings set forth in the GDPR.
        “Data Subject” means a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by the Personal Data.
        “EU SCCs” means the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission in Commission Decision 2021/914 dated 4 June 2021, for transfers of personal data to countries not otherwise recognized as offering an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission (as amended and updated from time to time).
        “Instructions” means the Controller’s lawful and reasonable instructions for the Processing of Personal Data as indicated herein, by the Controller’s use of the Service or in writing by the Controller to the Processor;
        “Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, including an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
        “Processing” or “to Process” means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
        “SCCs” means i) the EU SCCs, where the GDPR applies, ii) the UK Addendum, where the UK GDPR applies.
        “Services” shall have the meaning set out in the Terms.
        “Sub-processor” means any third party engaged by the Processor, or its Sub-processor, to Process Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
        “UK Addendum” means the International Transfer Addendum or Addendum to the EU SCCs for international data transfers issued under Section 119A of the Data Protection Act 2018 and approved by UK Parliament on 21 March 2022.
        “Workable” means the Workable entity as identified in the online order form or the Workable Quote, as applicable.
    Data processing
        The Processor agrees to comply with Data Protection Law, and with any other applicable law to the extent it is not in conflict with Data Protection Law.
        The Processor shall only Process the Personal Data in accordance with the Controller’s Instructions.
        Notwithstanding any other provision of this Addendum, if the law in the United Kingdom, EU or any EU member state requires the Processor to conduct Processing of the Personal Data other than in accordance with the Controller’s Instructions, such Processing shall not constitute a breach of this Addendum. The Processor shall inform the Controller of such legal requirements before carrying out such Processing unless such notification is prohibited by applicable law on important grounds of public interest. The Processor shall immediately inform the Controller if, in its opinion, an Instruction infringes Data Protection Law.
        The Processor shall enable the Controller to access, rectify, erase, restrict and transmit the Personal Data Processed by the Processor. The Processor shall comply with any requests by the Controller related to the above without undue delay and in any event within 30 calendar days.
        The Processor shall notify the Controller without undue delay as to any contacts with a supervisory authority, concerning or of significance for, the Processing of Personal Data carried out on behalf of the Controller. The Processor may not represent the Controller, nor act on the Controller’s behalf, against any supervisory authority or other third party.
        The Processor shall assist the Controller in its contacts with any supervisory authority, including, upon the Controller’s instruction, by providing any information requested by the supervisory authority. For the avoidance of doubt, the Processor may not disclose Personal Data or any information on the Processing of Personal Data without the consent of the Controller.
        If a Data Subject requests information from the Processor concerning the Processing of Personal Data, the Data Subject shall be instructed to address the request to the Controller and the Processor shall assist the Controller in responding to such request as obliged by Data Protection Law. The Processor shall use appropriate technical and organisational measures to assist the Controller by, taking into account the nature of the Processing.
        In the event that a Data Subject has requested from the Customer to permanently delete all their data, and the Customer has not done so within a reasonable time, and has not notified Workable of any requirement of the Customer for Workable to retain the personal data, Workable reserves the right to remove such personal data and shall not be liable in any way for any loss or damage suffered by Customer arising from such Candidate exercising their rights.
        The Processor shall impose adequate contractual obligations regarding confidentiality and security upon its personnel which have been authorised to Process Personal Data.
        The Processor shall provide reasonable assistance to enable the Controller to comply with the Controller’s obligations under Data Protection Law, e.g., assist with security measures, data protection impact assessments (including prior consultation), and in situations involving Personal Data breach.
        The Processor shall maintain a record of all Processing activities carried out on behalf of the Controller. Upon the Controller’s request, the Processor shall promptly make the record available to the Controller in a generally readable electronic format.
        All services, assistance and co-operation provided by the Processor to the Controller, upon Controller’s request, pursuant to this Addendum shall be chargeable at Workable’s then prevailing time and materials rates for professional services or such other charges as may, at the relevant time, be agreed by the parties in writing, unless such request is made by Controller in order to investigate and mitigate the consequences of Processor’s breach of this Addendum or an incident as referred to in Clause 3.2 that has arisen as a result of any breach by the Processor.
    Security
        The Processor shall implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect the Personal Data in accordance with Data Protection Law. The Processor shall particularly observe the guidelines issued or approved by supervisory authorities.
        The Processor, to the extent permitted and required by applicable law, shall notify the Controller, in writing, without undue delay after the Processor has become aware of any accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data.
        The Processor must be able to verify its compliance with this Addendum and Data Protection Law and shall maintain adequate documentation verifying the fulfilment of its obligations hereunder. Further, the Controller, or a third party approved by the Controller, may conduct audits to ensure that the Processor is complying with this Addendum and Data Protection Law. Any such audits will be carried out following the provision of reasonable written notice and not more than once in any twelve (12) month period, unless the Controller is required to in order to fulfil its obligations of Data Protection Law or to comply with a decision imposed against the Controller by a supervisory authority or a competent court of justice. The Processor shall, following the Controller’s request and without undue delay, provide necessary assistance and allow inspection of any relevant documentation and, to the extent such documentation is not deemed sufficient, its Processing facilities. Each Party shall bear its own costs related to the audit.
    Sub-processing
        The Controller acknowledges and agrees that the Processor may engage its Affiliates and the Authorised Sub-processors to access and process Personal Data in connection with the Services. The Controller hereby gives the Processor a general written authorisation to engage Sub-processors to Process the Personal Data of the Controller (“Authorised Sub-processors”). A list of Workable’s current Sub-Processors (the “List”) shall be made available to the Controller at the following link https://www.workable.com/subprocessors, via email or through any other means made available to the Controller. The List may be updated by the Processor from time to time. The Processor provides a mechanism to subscribe to notifications concerning updates to the Sub-Processors at the bottom of the Terms of Use Page (https://www.workable.com/terms) and the Controller agrees to subscribe to such notifications where available.
        Where Processor intends to add a new Sub-processor it shall make details of such new Sub-processor available on the Website at least 30 days (“Notice Period”) before transferring any personal data to a new Sub-processor. The Controller shall notify the Processor during the Notice Period if it objects to the new Sub-processor. If the Controller does not object to the Sub-processor during the Notice Period, the Controller shall be deemed to have accepted the Sub-processor. If the Controller has raised a reasonable objection to the new Sub-processor and the parties have failed to agree on a solution within the Notice Period, the Controller shall have the right to terminate this Addendum and the Service with a reasonable notice period, without prejudice to any other remedies available under law or contract. During the Notice Period, the Processor shall not transfer any Personal Data to the Sub-processor.
        The Processor shall enter into appropriate written agreements with all of its Sub-processors on terms substantially similar to this Addendum, including without limitation the Controller’s right to conduct audits at the Sub-processor in accordance with clause 3.3 above or ensure that the Sub-processor will conduct audits using external auditors at least once per year. The Processor shall remain fully liable to the Controller for the performance or non-performance of the Sub-processor’s obligations.
        Upon the Controller’s request, the Processor is obliged to provide information regarding any Sub-processor, including name, address and the Processing carried out by the Sub-processor.
    Transfer of personal data outside the EEA and the UK
        If the Processing carried out by the Processor includes the transfer of Personal Data to a country outside of the EEA or the United Kingdom which is not recognised by the European Commission or the United Kingdom to have an adequate level of protection in accordance with Data Protection Laws, one of the transfer mechanisms described in this clause shall be applicable.
        Workable participates in and certifies compliance with the Data Privacy Framework. As required by the Data Privacy Framework, Workable (i) provides at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the Data Privacy Framework Principles; (ii) will notify Customer if Workable makes a determination it can no longer meet its obligation to provide the same level of protection as is required by the Data Privacy Framework Principles, and (iii) will, upon written notice, take reasonable and appropriate steps to remediate any unauthorized Processing of Personal Data.
        If the Data Privacy Framework does not apply/or is invalidated as a transfer mechanism, the Controller and the Processor agree that such transfer is made pursuant to the EU SCCs Module Two (Controller to Processor), and, if applicable, the UK Addendum, which are deemed entered into (and incorporated into this Addendum by this reference) and completed as follows:
            The optional docking clause in Clause 7 does not apply;
            In Clause 9, Option 2 (general written authorization) applies, and the minimum time period for prior notice of sub-processor changes shall be as set forth in clause 4.2 of this Addendum;
            In Clause 11, the optional language does not apply;
            All square brackets in Clause 13 are hereby removed;
            In Clause 17 (Option 1), the EU SCCs will be governed by Greek law;
            In Clause 18 (b), disputes will be resolved before the courts of Athens, Greece;
            Exhibit B to this Addendum contains the information required in Annex I and Annex III of the EU SCCs;
            Exhibit C to this Addendum contains the information required in Annex II of the EU SCCs; and
            By entering into this Addendum, the parties are deemed to have signed the EU SCCs incorporated herein, including their Annexes, as of the effective date of the Agreement.
        If Processing of Personal Data under this Addendum includes the transfer of Personal Data, which is processed in accordance with the UK GDPR, the Data Protection Act 2018, from the Data Exporter to the Data Importer (or its premises) outside the United Kingdom (the “UK”), and such transfer is not governed by an adequacy decision made by the UK Government in accordance with the relevant provisions of the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018, such transfers are made pursuant to Module Two of the EU SCCs, as completed above, and to the UK Addendum, which will be completed as follows:
            In Table 1 of the UK Addendum, the Parties’ details and key contact information is located in Exhibit B section 1.
            In Table 2 of the UK Addendum, information about the version of the Approved EU SCCs, modules and selected clauses which this UK Addendum is appended to is located in clauses 5.1.1 to 5.1.3.
            In Table 3 of the UK Addendum:
            By entering into this Addendum the Parties are deemed to have signed the UK Addendum incorporate herein, including its Annexes.
        If and to the extent there is conflict or inconsistency between the EU SCCs or the UK Addendum and any other terms in this Addendum, or the Workable Terms, the provisions of the EU SCCs or the UK Addendum, as applicable, shall prevail.
        If the Processing of Personal Data under this Addendum includes the transfer of Personal Data to a Sub-processor located in a country outside of the EEA or the UK which is not recognised by the European Commission or the United Kingdom to have an adequate level of protection in accordance with Data Protection Law, and the Sub- processor is not self-certified under the Data Privacy Framework, the Processor shall be entitled and obligated to enter into a supplementary agreement with the Sub-processor containing the relevant SCCs, before any Personal Data is transferred to such Sub-processor.
    Liability

    The liability of each party under this Addendum shall be subject to the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in the Workable Customer Terms and Conditions.
    Term
        The Controller may delete or request the return of all personal data on termination of the Services and the Processor shall act in accordance with the Controller’s instructions. Where the Controller has not deleted the personal data prior to the termination of the Services, Processor may delete all personal data at any time after 90 days following the date of termination unless otherwise required by applicable law. Until personal data is deleted or returned to the Controller, Processor shall continue to ensure compliance with the terms of this agreement.
        This requirement shall not apply to the extent that Workable is required by any applicable law to retain some or all of the personal data, in which event Workable shall isolate and protect the Personal Data from any further processing except to the extent required by such law until deletion is possible.
        This Addendum is applicable from the date of its execution and until all Personal Data is erased in accordance with clause 7.1 above.
    Dispute resolution
        This Addendum shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws as specified in the Agreement. The Parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction of the courts specified in the Agreement.
        For any disputes arising out of the Standard Contractual Clauses, where the EU SCCs are applicable, the Greek Courts shall have the exclusive jurisdiction, while where the UK Addendum is applicable, the courts in the United Kingdom shall have exclusive jurisdiction.
    Conflict
        In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence will be: (1) the applicable terms in the Standard Contractual Clauses, or, where applicable, the UK Addendum; (2) the terms of this Addendum; (3) the Workable Agreement.
    Updates

    Workable may update the terms of this Addendum from time to time, provided such updates do not degrade or diminish overall Customer’s rights. Any changes Workable may make to this Addendum in the future will be notified and made available to the Customers that have subscribed to be notified for updates in the Agreement.

EXHIBIT A
Data processing descriptions

Under Data Protection Law, the Processor shall only Process Personal Data in accordance with the Controller’s documented Instructions, as regulated in the Addendum. This document forms part of the Controller’s Instructions, directing the Processor on the scope, nature, and purpose when Processing Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.

The Instructions may be amended in writing by the Controller from time to time, as communicated in writing to the Processor by authorized representative of the Controller or through the Controller’s use of the Service.

    Scope of processing

    The Processor shall Process Personal Data hereunder exclusively within the scope of the provision of the Service.
    Purpose of processing

    The Processor shall Process Personal Data only for the purpose of enabling the Controller to manage its recruitment processes through the Controller’s use of the Service.
    Categories of data subjects

    Employees, including current and former employees, trainees and interns, pre-hires, applicants and sourced candidates.

    External recruitment consultants
    Types of personal data
        Name (name and surname)
        Address
        Nationality
        Password
        User name
        E-mail address
        Telephone number
        Salary
        Employment terms (incl salary and benefits)
        IP-address
        Links to social profiles
        Resume
        Videos

    The Controller may choose to store additional information on candidates.
    Special categories of personal data

    Processor does not anticipate processing any data falling into the special categories of data as set out in the GDPR, however, it is not possible for Processor to control the information that candidates or authorized users of the Controller choose to share with each other using the Service.
    Processing activities
        Collection
        Registration
        Storing
        Accessing, reading or consultation
        Erasure or destruction
    Duration of processing

    Personal Data shall not be Processed for a period longer than is necessary for serving its purpose. In respect of all Processing activities other than storage of the Personal Data, the Processing shall cease on expiry or termination of the Services. In relation to storage of the Personal Data, the Processing shall cease in accordance with clause 7 above.
    Sub-processor

    The Processor has engaged sub-processor(s) for carrying out specific Processing activities on behalf of the Controller. A full list of those sub-processor(s) can be found at the webpage presented below:
    https://www.workable.com/subprocessors
    Processing location

    Processing takes place in the following country/countries: United Kingdom, United States, Greece

EXHIBIT B

The following includes the information required by Annex I and Annex III of the EU SCCs and Table 1 and 4 of the UK Addendum.

    List of parties

    Data exporter(s):

    Name: Customer’s entity as identified in the online order form or the Workable Quote, as applicable

    Address: Customer’s address as identified in the online order form or the Workable Quote, as applicable

    Contact person’s name, position and contact details: As identified in the online order form or the Workable Quote, as applicable

    Signature and date: The date of execution of the online order form or the Workable Quote.

    Role (controller/processor): Controller

    Data importer(s):

    Name: The Workable entity identified in the online terms or the Workable Quote, as applicable.

    Address: The address identified in the online terms or the Workable Quote, as applicable

    Contact person’s name, position and contact details: support@workable.com attn of DPO

    Activities relevant to the data transferred under these Clauses: ATS and HRIS service provider

    Signature and date: The date of execution of the online order form or the Workable Quote.

    Role (controller/processor): Processor
    Description of transfer

    Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred

    The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data subjects (please specify):
        Employees, including current and former employees, trainees and interns, pre-hires, applicants, and sourced candidates.
        External recruitment consultants

    Categories of personal data transferred

    The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data (please specify):
        Name (name and surname)
        Address
        Nationality
        Password
        User name
        E-mail address
        Telephone number
        Salary
        Employment terms (incl salary and benefits)
        IP-address
        Links to social profiles
        Resume
        Videos

    The Exporter may choose to store additional information on candidates.

    Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures.

    The Importer does not anticipate processing any data falling into the special categories of data as set out in the GDPR, however, it is not possible for the importer to control the information that candidates or authorized users of the Exporter choose to share with each other using the Service.

    The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis).

    The frequency of the transfer is a continuous basis for the duration of the Agreement.

    Nature of the processing

    The Importer will process and access personal data on a routinely basis as necessary to provide the Services as described in the Workable Terms. The below processing activities take place:
        Collection
        Registration
        Storing
        Accessing, reading or consultation
        Erasure or destruction

    Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing

    The Importer will process Personal Data as necessary to provide the Services under the Agreement.

    The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period

    The Importer will process Personal Data for the purpose of providing the Services for the duration of the Services as identified in the Quote or until the Exporter elects to delete such Personal Data via the Workable Platform. In relation to storage of the Personal Data, the Processing shall cease in accordance with the Addendum.

    For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing

    The transfer to sub-processors is on continuous basis for the duration of the Services.
    Competent supervisory authority

    Identify the competent supervisory authority/ies in accordance with Clause 13

    Hellenic Data Protection Authority
    List of authorised subprocessors

    The Exporter has authorized the use of the sub-processors identified at: https://www.workable.com/subprocessors

EXHIBIT C
Description of the Technical and Organisational Security Measures implemented by the Data Processor/Importer

The following security measures include the information required by Annex II of the EU SCCs and Table 3 of the UK Addendum:

https://www.workable.com/static/downloads/technical-and-organisational-security-measures.pdf 